 Are you a fan of Google or Microsoft? Both are excellent technology they are helpful in many ways. For the security purpose both are super.
 do you like dance? Yes  I do. Did you know Bruce Lee was a cha cha dancer?
 Hey what's up do use Google very often?I really love the company and was surprised to hear that it was founded back in 1998. i think everyone must use it daily! its become ingrained in every day life
 Hi!  do you like to dance? I love to dance a lot. How about you?
 do you like dance? I love it. Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer?
 hi, do you use google much? Yes, I think it is the most effective search engine. How about you? Do you use gmail?
 Do you like comic books? I do like comic books!
 Can you believe there is stars that can be cold enough to be touched ? The universe is so diverse.  Its amazing and ever evolving. 
 Are you a Star Wars fan? I need to rewatch the OT and the prequels so I can watch the subsequent stuff for the first time and understand what's going on. Hi! Yes, I am a huge fan of Star Wars! I also loved how it was the first major movie to be dubbed in Navajo! I think that is so cool!
 Naming a cloned cat "copy cat", that's cute. You must have ESP. I was going to tell you teh same thing! I have a sad story to tell there are less tigers living in the wild in Asia than as pets in the US.
 I think its sad to have to part with a pet due to allergies and couple conflict like in the Dear Amy section. That is sad. Do you have pets? The first cloned pet was a cat and its name was copy cat.
 hi, do you like fish? Yes, I love fish do you?
 Hello Hello.  do you have a cat?  I see that some people can be allergic to them.
 Hello, Did you know that there are over 1.5 million living animal species? No, that was chock  full of interesting facts. Hiccups are residual from when we had gills and lungs? Interesting stuff.
 hey hows it going, do you know what the first cloned animal was? Was it a sheep? I heard the first cloned pet was a cat, though. Its name was copy cat. That is funny!
 What would you do if you found a baby tiger inside of a duffel bag? I would look around to make sure Mama tiger is not in the area and looking at me with, "Gimme back my child" look!
 Can you recommend any movies to watch? Do you like Star Wars ? The movie about Hans Solo just came out on Netflix. 
 Good Morning! How are you today? Well, you may be on the other side of the fence but I like neither Kanye nor Trump.
 Do you like wearing hats? It has so many functions! I don't like them on myself but I know a lot of people that can pull them off. 
 did you see that Kanye is having another kid? I heard something but I'm not really following his offspring :)
 Do you like rap music? I do, but I cannot tolerate Kanye West. I adore Tupac, and think it's interesting that the Library of Congress chose his music to be included because it's culturally significant.
 Hello.  Did you know that there is a candy desk in the us senate? haha yeah, I heard about that. It's been there since 1968.
 Hi are you a fan of Star Wars? My son is, so I know a little bit about it.
 Hey! Are you a Star Wars fan? I love George Lucas for creating such a cool storyline. Hello! I do like Star Wars! I can't believe companies thought it would be a flop!
 Hello, How are you? Do you like politics? Im well.  I do like politics, I just find our current climate a bit hostile.
 Do you know much about politics? Just the basics mostly.  Do you know what the 'candy desk' tradition is about?
 Hey how are you, can't believe that Georgia senator got arrested! She said she was peacefully chanting.
 did you watch the movie Frozen? I did and loved it so much, and you?
 Do you like baseball ? I have heard of it. Do you?
 Hi there are you a baseball fan? i like baseball. i usually watch the world series. You?
 Hi, how are you doing this fine evening? Hey there I'm doing great. What did you think about the Disney movie Frozen?
 Ana Gloria Henrequez was from Salvador, trying to get to USA, trying to escape from misery and gangs in El Salvador. She was caught. Yeah, I heard about that. I feel horrible for her young daughter
 Hello my Friend?! Are you a fan of "Frozen" the movie? I personally Looooved it! I have not seen the movie. Is it animated? Is it for kids?
 I have never heard of Fanfest, Hey! What is FanFest? lol
 Hey how are you? Did you see the FanFest in Miami last year by chance? No I didn't see that. It's interesting that 23 former Nationals attended it though, did you see it?
 Hi, how are you? Good! You?  Are you into Fiction at all?
 hey there, do you go out and vote during elections? Hello there, I do like to get out and vote, how about you?
 Poetry is an art that is getting forgotten It is one of those that I feel like I don't always understand, but love to hear the analysis of and see how deep it can get.  For instance, there is a poem where if you read it one way it's sad, but read it in reverse and it's actually inspirational!
 Do you like to use computers?  Yes I love computers. I can't imagine my life without one. In 1936 the Russians made one that ran on water.
 Hi and good afternoon. Are you a poetry fan? It has a long history dating back to prehistoric times. Hi, how are you? i am not a big fan of poetry. Are you?
 Hello there, do you use Amazon? Yes, I like Amazon, I like their movie site and their purchase website.
 Hello friend, Do you like horses? I do. Did you know horses are able to sleep standing up and lying down?
 Hey! I've been reading a lot lately. Do you read any fiction or poetry? Hi! Hm. I don't read much fiction or poetry, but I've been exposed to a lot of it in my lifetime. Do you have any favorites? I've tried my hand at creating both, and failed miserably! It's tough! It's an art form, that I just can't do!
 Hello! Are you an Amazon Prime member? Yes, I am and love it!  That two day delivery really comes in handy!!
 Hey there, heard anything interesting lately? I sure have, did you know Amazon contributed 38 billion to the city of Seattle's economy just by being there?  Hi, no I did not know. It looks like amazon means exciting news. They are now looking for a site for a second headquarters!
 Good morning. good morning
 hi are you a republican? No I am not. How about you?
 Hello, do you follow politics much? Hi I do from time to time, it is hard to escape them all together. Did you know every republican president has had a beard? 
 The Republican Party is really popular in the states do you agree? Unfortunately yes.  It is not like the republican party of old times.
 What did you think of the last couple elections? I think it has been great for the country. people have come to realize the power of the vote.
 No. I think it's so interesting that the Republican Party is referred to as the Grand old party. I agree.  I wonder why they gave themselves that moniker.  
 Do you follow politics? I do. I just learned that the Republican Party was founded by anti-slavery activists. Surprising.
 Are you aware that the taller candidate for president has won 75% of the elections of them time.  Hello - it doesn't surprise me. I've even heard that taller people in interviews for jobs tend to get the job more often.
 Do you watch many movies in the theaters? Yes I love watching movies! Summer was considered a bad time to release a movie in the theater because of low sales until steven spielberg's jaws.
 Did you ever watch ET? Yes, I did.  It was the movie when I was a kid!
 Hi Turker, are you familiar with Steven Spielberg?  Hey. Steven Spielberg is one of the most popular directors. Seen so many of his films. 
 Did you know that summer was considered a bad time to release a movie? In the past it may have been. 
 Do you know much about the Bible? some yes
 There was man who was falsely imprisoned. He used the prison library to study law and learn to free himself. That is amazing don't you think? That is awesome! Speaking of libraries, there are more libraries than McDonalds in the United States. Do you have a library card?
 Hi!  How much do you know about planets?  Hello - I know the alternate names for Earth are gaia, tellus, and telluris.
 hello do you like dance? I love it. Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer too?
 Are you a fan of dance?  Sure. I find the movement very aesthetically pleasing.
 Good evening!  Do you know much about Maryland's governor? Not too much,  so you?  Did you know that ralph lawrence carr was the only governor to oppose the internement of japanese americans during ww2?
 Have you ever used the Rotten Tomatoes website? I check out all the movies I'm going to watch on there first. You know, I do to.  I feel it's better to be informed than waste my time or money without knowing.
 hello Hello, Michael jackson has a patent. on a device used to achieve the extreme lean in some of his dance moves
 How do you like planet earth? I find the earth and the solar system very interesting!
 Hi.  I guess Channig Tatum and Jenna Dewan Tatum are getting a divorce.  Sad. Yes, I read about that in the news. The things he says about it almost sound too good to be true...maybe it's sarcastic?
 Hey do you like Star Wars? I know that I like the first three movies, the next three are ok, and I really hate the new ones I love the original 3 like you. But the new ones are bad, I agree. 
 Hello there, so have you seen any of the Star Wars movies? I have seen several. I read Tran who played rose left Instagram after racist messages from fans.
 Hello, do you like Star Wars? I don't really though I do respect it as a franchise. How about you?
 Hi there!  Are you a Star Wars fan? Hi, Yes I am a star wars fan!!! Since I was a kid. What about you?
 Government is fascinating. It seems so different the world over yet there are common threads in every type.  I agree. Some governments try to help, others, not so much.
 Many people like to watch horror films, I don't like slashers but like some like World War Z, did you know the horror film genre has been around for more than a century? oh yes, I even watched the first "Nosferatu" movie - not sure when that was made but it's quite old...
 Hey there what do you know about the prime minister of the UK? I don't know that much actually. He has a cat though. 
 hi, do you like johnny depp? Hi, how are you? Who is Johnny Depp? A singer? An athlete?
 Hi! Did you know the Prime Minister of Australia's position isn't actually in their constitution but only exists through custom? I find that surprising! Wow I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the Prime Minister selects and then can dismiss members of the cabinet. I always wondered what they did
 How's it going, do you watch Horror films? The first ones were inspired by Edgar Allan Poe and Mary Shelley I love horror movies, I am a stephen king fan!
 Good Morning! Do you like to watch horror films? Hi, how are you? I am not really a fan of the genre, though I have some favorites.
 Are you a soccer or tennis fan? Well I personally prefer tennis, but I also like lacrosse, did you hear about the spring all met boys lacrosse team?
 Hello Hi. Do you play tennis?
 Hello,  how are you doing? Soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined. Hello, I'm doing great. Have you ever watched the variation that has three teams, instead of two?
 Hi, do you know anything about lacrosse? Hello there, I don't know too much I will say, how about you
 Hello there. Have you ever played the guitar or piano? no. I would have liked to play but never did. Fan of guitar players from the 60s and 70s
 The Hypocrites put on really amusing stage productions! Yes, I would love to go and check Pirates, Pinafore and the Mikado
 Did you know that Jazz music originated in New Orleans? Hello - I did not know that. Do you like jazz music?
 Do you like the piano? Yes, I like the piano. I don't know how to play it, but I think that it works well in many kinds of music.
 hELLO Hi there!
 Hello, Do you enjoy Jazz? Hi! I do not have much experience with it, and I hope to rememdy that when we go to New Orleans later this year. I hear that is where it originated.
 Are you a fan of jazz by any chance? I like jazz but cant say I really know much about it.
 Hi, how are doing over there on this fine evening? I am good thanks. How are you?
 Hello!  Are you a tennis fan or do you play? No, my dad used to, though. It seems like it's too intense for me
 Hello, do you follow tennis? Not really. I just know each player uses a strung racket and they hit a hollow ball.
 Hello do you like tennis? Yes. Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent or doubles.
 Do you like tennis? I just love to play the sport. I've played it a couple time in high school gym class, I wasn't that good
 Have you heard of the new "First Man" film starring Ryan Gosling? No, I have not.  Please tell me about it.
 Dogs or cats? Hi! I have two cats, but want a dog. You?
 Crazy that early humans used to have to battle giant sloths! Who would've thought? I know right! Humans have been around for a long time apparently I mean we lost our body hair 240,000 years ago!
 Hi, Do you like to cook? I love to cook. just not in july when it is so hot.
 Hi do you like tennis? Oh yeah! I pick up a racket and hit the net when I can!
 What do you think of Serena Williams? I really like her! 
 hi how are you doing over there on that side of the internets Hi! Hope you're doing well! So are you a fan of The Walt Disney Company? One of my favorite characters is Minnie Mouse and I was surprised to recently find out her name is short for Minerva Mouse!
 Disney Land & World released officlal Mickey Mouse ears - rainbow colors - for Pride Month recently. Disney??? When did they wake upd & get tolerant?? Yeah that is interesting. I guess they started that in 2018, it sounds like a lot of people on Twitter were upset too
 Humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago. Do you know ? That is fascinating, also like the evidence scientists discovered in New Mexico, ancient humans against giant sloths.
 do you know much about humans? I know that we lost the body hair only quarter of a million years ago
 Do you like Tennis? I do not, but I am a fan of Serena Williams, ever since she voiced a character in Avatar; The Last Airbender.
 Hi Do you know that disney has a new line of Mickey ears  AWWW, really? How cute and I would love to get some for my kids. I love Minnie her actually name is Minerva. Cute.
 Are you a fan of Disney? I am, my favorite movie is probably Lion King. What about you?
 Hello. Do you like the Star Wars movies? I love them! some of my favorites. how about you?
 Hey there what do you think about planet Earth? It's amazing that Earth has only one natural satellite aka the Moon Oh, really? That is really interesting.
 Hi, how are you? Great! Did you know that Oscar Isaac requested that his character in The Force Awakens be from Yavin 4, because he's from Guatemala and that's where the Yavin 4 scenes were shot in the original trilogy?
 hi, did you watch the movie titanic? Yes, I watched the movie several times and for me it was touching.
 Do you watch the Red Sox?  I do, what do you think about Prices injury?
 Hello! How are you today? Hello, I'm great thanks for asking. Do you like video games?
 Hello. Do you play any video games? I do play games.  I enjoy the call of duty game series.
 hey there do you watch any shows on Netflix Yes I have a subscription, been watching The Office.  They have come out with their own originals too called Netflix Original.  What about you?
 Hello, are you a big Netflix person? I am!  I have been a subscriber for years and especially love the original content!
 Hello, do you watch Netflix? Hi there, I do sometimes, but don't have an account myself.  How about you?
 Did you know the china wall was very large and famous in the world. I did know that. I think I saw a movie about that on Netflix actually. Do you have Netflix
 good morning to you Good morning! Are a fan of The Simpsons? Fox News once tried to sue to get the show to stop parodying them. 
 Do you like Taylor Swift? I liked her country stuff and some of her earlier pop. How about you?
 Do you like snakes? they are kind of gross to me, but do you like them?
 Where do you source your news? Fox, Cnn, other? Mostly other. Certainly not Fox. 
 Did you know that the Beatles song Come Together was written for Timothy Leary?  No I did not, but it wouldn't surprise me since Leary's research was about the use of psychedelic drugs.
 Do you own a pet snake? No but there are some snakes outside around where I live at.
 Hi!  Do you watch the news? Yes I love watching the news. How about you?
 Good morning! Do you know anything about snakes? I saw a huge one on reddit the other day! I know that they are elongated and legless reptiles covered in scales. Furthermore, they have highly mobile jaws and usually fangs for venom.
 Do you watch the news? A few times a day.  
 Hello, do you ever watch Fox News? I usually don't watch it. I understand that it's popular.
 Are you familiar with Native American books? I read a few in school.  I was raised in Oklahoma and many of my friends were of the Cherokee and Choctaw tribes.  I have heard of Tommy Orange's fiction novel about Native Americans.
 Are you a fan of books?  I personally read a lot, mostly non-fiction though. I don't really have time to read but when I do I like to read fiction. I find it funny that Julius Caesar wrote fan fiction of Greek mythology.
 I've been reading a lot of interesting stories these past few days. Really? what have you been reading lately?
 Are you a fan of fictions?  I am a fan somewhat!  I know that Edgar Allen Poe wrote the oldest known example of a cyborg in fictino.
 Dogs or cats!? Dogs!  100%
 That sure is an interesting way to send off a family member. I guess they didn't want to falsely memorialize her. I know, I couldnt ever imagine writing something like that about my family.  I guess I am lucky.  
 Do you own a dog?  I do, did you know that dogs were the first species to be domesticated?
 Did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types? Hello, wow no I didn't. Istanbul has a vending machine that releases food and water for the city's stray dogs in exchange for recycled plastic bottles.
 Fiction works comes from the imagination. Yes. I like fiction. There is a wiki that ranks fictional characters according to their powers.
 Good morning.  Do you like snakes? Not really!  lol  I guess I do as long as they leave me alone.
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I'm Good. Have you heard of the book Strange objects? It is going to be a HBO miniseries. Many critics think it it the author's break through.
 Hi, how are you? Great! Hope you're doing well! Are you a fan of fiction by chance? If so, there's a wiki you should check out that ranks characters in fiction by their powers and abilities!
 Hello, do you like movies? I do. Do you like movies?
 Hello do you like movies? Yes, I do.  How about you?
 Did know Tom Hanks is the highest all-time box office star? I didnt know that, I love him as an actor, he is so talented I guess that makes sense
 good morning. Hi there!  Do you like comedies?
 Hey how is it going, you ever cook a turkey during Thanksgiving? No, the only bird I ever cook is chicken; I'm looking to expand my skillset, though! They're the most numerically successful class of tetrapods.
 Hi there. Do you like to play video games? I used to play them when I was younger. I was never good at Tetris though even though it is one of three best selling video games of all. 
 Do you like birds?  I love watching them! I do, too! So many of them are beautiful, and even the ones that aren't are still incredibly unique. They can be anywhere between 2 inches or 9 feet!
 Hello! What do you enjoy doing for entertainment? I really love to cook. Thanksgiving in my favorite holiday to cook for. Planning the meal and making everything fit on my oven is like tetris.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Me too.  Would you believe it if I told you that the Chicago Cubs last won a World Series when the Ottoman Empire was still in existence?
 Would you much of a baseball fan? A little.  I just read something about the Boston Red Sox.  They has some hard core fans.
 Do you watch baseball much? Yea I watch it during the world series when the AL champion faces off against the NL champion
 Do you like dogs? Yes, I do.  What's your favorite breed?
 Do you like Baseball? I do, I watch mainly during the world series times though
 Hi! Are you a fan of baseball, got any favorite sports teams? I like baseball, but I don't really have a favorite team. Do you?
 Hi, how are you? Hi! Good!
 Hey, you a fan of any sports involving hitting balls with sticks? Many such games fit that description. Golf is one I enjoy.
 How's it going? Do you like sports? Pretty good.  You?  I do like sports.  I'm glad baseball season is about to start back up!
 Good morning!  Do you watch baseball?  It can be a lucrative thing to be a fan of the game.  A man found 3 million dollars worth of baseball cards once. I am a baseball fan. I used to collect cards but I really doubt mine are worth 3 million dollars.
 hi how are you? do you like sports? I'm doing very well, thanks. I love sports
 Do you watch the show Fixer Upper? Hello, I do. What about you?
 Hello, do you like Drake as a singer? Hey there, yes he is okay. Do you know his real name?
 do you go to concerts? I go when I can, how about you?
 Hello there, do you attend many concerts these days? Nope. More of a TV watcher. But know a little about the fabulously successful rapper, Drake Graham, or Drake, from Canada. Heard of him?
 I am sure that you know that Black Panther is a Marvel Comics character, right? The richest superhero. Worth $500 billion.
 Hello there, did you see the Black Panther film that was recently in theaters? Yea, I think Chawick Boseman did a great job as T'Challa
 Hello. Its pretty cold today. It makes me wonder whether more of the earth's polar regions are covered with ice today.  I know it is freezing... in Chicago it is near -24. So cold!
 Hello, what kind of genre do you prefer in books? I prefer non fiction.  Although in fiction, I like mystery and drama.  What authors do you like?
 Good morning, are you a fan of standup comedy? good morning. I am a little bit of a fan. Are you a fan?
 Have you ever had a seizure? I can't believe that someone had a seizure at Ken Jeong's comedy show! I have never had one but i have seen people have them and yeah he thought it was a heckler thats pretty insane
 Hi! Do you watch any comedy? Sometimes. What about you?
 Hello, are you a comedy fan?  Are you familiar with Ken Jeong's Not really but I have heard of the show The Hangover. Some comics are really brutal and I don't like humor that hurts people.
 Good Morning! Have you ever heard of K-Pop? K-pop is the music which is originated in South Korea, they are more popular in 2000.
 Hi, how are you? Good. I learned a few fun facts. Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer as well as kung fu star and won the Hong Kong Cha-Cha championship in 1958.
 Do you like dogs? I do, Im a dog person, what about you?
 Hello there, are you a dog or a cat person? I would have to say I am a cat person
 Hello! Do you own any dogs? I do!  I have one and have had one all my life since I was a kid.
 Hi do you like to wear shirts?  I do!  I wear them every day. I do.  I would be comfortable in Hawaii where the aloha shirt is official business attire.
 Hello, did you know the dodo bird is actual a sub-family of the pigeon. I didn't know that- of course I believe the bird is extinct, isn't it?  This year we recently had a bunch of hummingbirds..that was a first for me and so exciting. SO TINY..
 Do you like to dance?  I do sometimes even though I am terrible haha. How about you?
 Do you know why baseball manager wear the uniforms like the players do?  I do!  They wear it because they are technically able to play for their tams if the need arises!  Baseball is a pretty popular sport in Japan.  
 Hello Hello, how are you? Do you like baseball?
 Hi, how are you doing today? Good. Do you watch baseball? Back in August the nationals traded Daniel Murphy and Matt Adams before a game
 do you like baseball? Yes I do. Do you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Hello, how do you do? hello, I'm alright!  Have you seen the new Christopher Robin movie?  I heard it was really for the whole family.  I remember seeing the trailer where Pooh goes, "They say nothing is impossible, but I do nothing every day!" I thought that line was funny.
 hi friend Hello! Hope you're having a good day.
 Do you enjoy movies? Yes, I do.  Do you?
 Hi. how are you, this morning? I'm doing well, how are you? Do you have kids, if so do you watch Cupcake and Dino? 
 Hi there, do you enjoy poetry? No I really don't.I don't understand it and find it boring.
 Which city is home to Netflix? I've heard it's from Los Gatos in California. Do you use Netflix?
 Have you seen Kevin Spacey in the "Billionaire Boys Club" movie? I haven't seen it, actually. Is it any good?
 Have you ever been on a blind date? No but I heard blind dates can be quite successful and lead to marriage
 Hello,  do you like shoes? I do, only have a few pairs but I do like them, what about you?
 How are you today. Well thank you. Do you have any hobbies?
 Hi, how are you? Im great, do you know who Mariah Carey is?
 Do you listen to Mariah Carey?  I do, I have been a fan of the All I want for Christmas is You.  
 Hey there!  Are you a Beatles fan? Good evening, why yes, I am.  Are you?
 Hey, do you care a lot about fashion?  Yes I know a lot about clothing actually. In fact I'm wearing some right now LOL what about you
 DO you like poetry? I love it. Have you read the poem Chaos?
 Hi partner, what type of shoes do you like? I like all kinds of shoes. I prefer shoes that are more fashionable. But, I haven't been able to afford them in recent years. 
 hi Hi, how are you?  Are you a music fan?
 hello, do you use netflix? Hello, yes I do! Sometimes I use the hour long fireplace video at home. Do you like Netflix too?
 hey there what do you think of planet earth? It's a nice place. I've lived there my whole life. I'm pretty attached. What about you?
 Earth is amazing don't you think? So much history in its 4.5 billion years of creation. I think it is amazing! Not only the composition and history of earth, but also its position relative to other planets in the solar system.
 Hi, how are you? Do like horses? Hey there I love horses. Even though I'm allergic to them they are still very fun to ride, what do you think
 Earth never stops to amaze me, it was formed over 4.5 billion years ago and there is still much to learn about our planet I know what you mean.  It is the only object known to have life and we need to know why that is.
 Have you ever seen the movie Snowden Not yet. I know that's about the whistle blower who escaped to Russia, right? 
 Are you a science fan? did you know that the estate of Einstein earns more that 18,000,000 a year? Pretty amazing inventor! I do love science. There is so many cool things to explore such as computers or chemistry. 
 Hello, do you follow the government? A little bit, they own almost all of Nevada. 
 How do you think our government is doing? Hi, I think they are doing pretty good right now. What do you think?
 Hi there! Do you think voting is important? No today i don't, sorry i think it's all rigged.What about you? 
 Planets are pretty crazy if  you think about it Yes, they are. I am crazy enough to appreciate them though. What interesting facts about planets do you know?
 hi, did you vote in the last election? Hi, how are you? Which election? 2018?
 What did you think of the article about the shootings in Parkland I thought it was very thoughtful and sad about all the mass shootings around in FL and Las Vegas
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you?
 It is amazing how a certain scent can ellict specific memories from throughout your life isn't it? I know, I can catch a faint smell of something and be reminded of something from 20 years ago.
 Hello! Do you like to read? Hi, yes I like to read both Fiction and not fiction, what about you?
 How familiar are you with the hunting and gathering culture people used to have? Not too familiar,  Although I've read a bit from researcher Nicole Kruspe discussing odor.
 Do you like fish? Yes, I love fish (at least eating it). I find it funny that freshwater fish only "drink" water through their skin via osmosis, while saltwater fish also drink water through their mouths.
 Hi there,, do you have a favorite instrument? Hi there, I do I love the guitar and the piano. How about you?
 Hello Friend, do you like baseball? Yea, I'm a hugh Yankees fan, I never knew a 17 year old female pitcher once struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig then got banned, sounds like they signed her
 Hi, do you like baseball/ Hai. How are you?
 Have you heard of Doug Harey? Wasn't he an umpire for the MLB?
 Hey how are you doing, ever have problem with the dust fallout while having your wood floors finished? Never, lol. have you?
 Are you a fan of baseball? I am, I love the game! What about you?
 How's it going, do you follow baseball? The Nationals recently traded Daniel Murphy and Matt Adams to the Cubs I don't follow baseball much, but I do think I heard something recently in the news about how the Cubs won over the Phillies? It's so confusing when they trade players for me to follow!
 Hi there! How's it going? Are you a baseball fan? Hi. I'm doing very well thanks. I'm do watch baseball on occasion and I'm a casual fan.
 hello, do you watch baseball? I do, it is my favorite sport. Do you watch? 
 Hi.  Can you play the piano? I can play some, I have an electric piano that I keep plugged in in my room.
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Hi I'm doing well. Do you like baseball? I personally think it's really boring haha
 I'm not really into sports, but I learned a lot about baseball. Hello, me too, but have you heard about Philadelphia Phillies?
 Hello,  do you like baseball? You bet. Do you know why the managers wear a uniform?
 Hello there, are you a fan of baseball? Yes.  I was an assistant scout for the Phillies years ago.  Did you know that a married couple scheduled all 2430 games for 24 years until 2005?
 Do you follow baseball? Yes. I am a dodger fan
 do you like baseball? I do and watch it quite a bit and you?
 Hello there, do you watch baseball? I sure do from time to time. Do you know why the managers wear a uniform?
 Hello,  do you like baseball? Hey I do like baseball! Did you know that managers can actually play baseball? that's why they wear the uniforms, just in case the need arises, then they can play for the team
 Hello, have you heard that one of the chicago cubs have an employed pitcher with 6 fingers? No, The cubs are one two major teams in chicago.
 The Braves seem to have a good start on the season, they are the most rested team Hi, how are you? I don't really know the Braves. They're a big market team, so I expect them to get marquee players.
 Do you play or watch baseball?  Hey, I've played, but honestly not a big fan. How about you?
 Hello, do you like baseball? Hi, I watch a little.  How about you?
 Are you a baseball fan? ive never really enjoyed watching on tv don't have the patience for it. I prefer football but my granddaughter likes to watch baseball games on tv.  So, I watch with her.
 Do you follow basebal? The Nationals traded Daneil Murphy and Matt Adams Yes I do. I didn't know that. Who's your favorite team?
 hey there do you like baseball? Its the game that uses a ball and a bat I do!  And then they run around the bases, if they are lucky enough to hit said ball.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Thanks! Do you follow baseball?  Did you know that managers can actually play for their team if needed so that is why they suit up?
 When I was a kid I used to always collect baseball cards. I heard a man found 3 million dollars worth of 1900s baseball cards in his grandfathers attic. Have you ever collected baseball cards? That's cool.  Sadly, bo I never collected baseball cards.  What about you?
 The Braves sure are a pupular team, they seem to be well rested for the playoffs Is that good or bad.  They have had no real good teams to play against.
 do you like the piano? I love it  is such a classic instrument, and you?
 Hey there! Happy Friday! Are you a baseball fan at all? I watch a little, You?
 Hey! Do you like baseball? I do.  I love watching the Chicago Cubs in the NL.
 Hi, how are you? Good! Do you like baseball?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Pretty well and you? Do you watch baseball?
 hi how are you? do you like game of thrones? I do like Game of Thrones!  Do you know any interesting facts about it?
 Hey there! Do you lie Pixar films? I just finished watching Up. Yeah I love Pixar films. Up is a good one. I think it's cool that Pixar studio has a secret room that is often visited by celebrities.
 I saw an article that says pixar studio has a secret room that is visited often by celebrities  That's funny, considering the number of stars in their films, following in Robin Williams footsteps!
 do you know much about celebrities? I know that Pixar has a room just for celebrities?
 Hi, do you like Disney? I actually really enjoy disney!  How about you?
 Hi how are you today? Are you registered to vote? I am, how about you?
 I hear there was a hope-monger gathering that drew 8000,000 ppl to it.  Thats a lot of people! Surprised I haven't heard of it
 Hi do you watch baseball? Hey there I like it  and watch it a lot and you?
 Did you know Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams?  i did not knwo that actually, has that ever needed to happen?
 hey there what do you think of the game of baseball? Baseball is ok. I remember hearing my older relatives calling the World Series the Fall Classic. It sounds very retro.
 hi how are you? do you like to dance? I like to watch dancing performances.  I do not dance.  I wish I could.
 How's it going, have you seen the 2018 release of Black Panther? No I haven't but I understand there is some parallel being drawn between it and "The Wiz"
 Did you ever think about how celebrities in science are rarer than in music, film, sport, and politics? No I never thought of that.  Were you a fan of Stephen Hawking?
 Do you know who Stephen Hawking is?  Hello,  yes I do.  I actually just recently watched a movie about him as well.  The Theory Of Everything,  very well done and explained a lot about his life. 
 Hi, how are you? Good, how are you? Celebrities in science are quite rare aren't they? I was a fan of Stephen Hawking. I'm sad he finally passed away from ALS.
 How's it going? Did you know that the Universe could be just a giant holgram? Hi, Wow that is a hard concept to digest! Did you know it may be possible to touch a star?
 Do you like to dance? Hello, no I do not , do you?
 Do you enjoy baseball? Yes.  Just haven't followed it in the past few years.
 I am guessing long ball is really working for the Dodgers, what do you think? Yeah it really worked for them this season, just didn't have enough in the world series. 
 I love this time of year. Baseball opening day is just around the corner.  Are you a fan? I have been to a few games, mostly New York Yankee games in the Bronx.
 Do you like baseball? Sure. baseball is intersting. i try to watch the world series. you?
 Hi, do you like baseball? I do like baseball. dont get much chance to watch. usually watch the WS. you?
 Are you a fan of baseball? I will watch it if it is on but I don't follow many teams. Do you know a lot about it?
 Are you a fan of baseball?  I sometimes follow baseball. usually around the world series. you?
 Hello, are you a baseball fan? I do not know much about baseball but I have been to a bunch of games, including a few Yankee games. It does have the second highest attendance.
 Hello are you a fan of baseball Hello! I like the New York yankee's! how about you?
 Do you like baseball? I do - it was my favorite sport as a kid.  I even knew the married couple who scheduled all 2000+ games every year
 Hi! I recently learned that baseball managers are required to wear uniforms as well because they have to technically play should there be a need. So that must mean, they must stay in shape too right? that is interesting, do you think they ever played in a game ?
 hey there what do you know about baseball I know that it is a sport, played with a ball called a baseball. There are bases, and players, and bats. And hot dogs and popcorn.
 How's it going, do you follow baseball much? The Dodgers beat the Braves 6-0 in game 1 of the national league division series I follow a little. That is exciting for Dodger fans.
 Hi, are you a baseball fan? My favorite team is the Yankees, they have been around since 1901 Yes, Phillies my team.  Yankees lost me a bet for a $1 with my grandma when I was very young so I gave up on them.  Did you know that Roberto Osuna hasn't pitched since May 6 serving a 75 game suspension
 So how bout them Yankees? How are they doing?
 What do you think about the Orioles and the signing of Alex Cobb? well I think theyre doing what they need to do but I don't know much about baseball, do you?
 Do you like baseball? I do like baseball. I can't wait for the season to start. Do you like baseball?  Did you know that it evolved from a game in England?
 Hi there!  Are you a baseball fan? Not really.  I find the sport difficult to watch and slow.  What about you?
 Do you like baseball? I love it. Do you know why the managers wear uniforms during games?
 Do you like baseball? I love baseball.  Opening day is only 2 weeks away
 Good morning! How are you today? I am sure glad baseball season is back! Are you familiar with the game? I played when I was younger. 
 Did you know the space shuttle's computer only runs on 1mb of ram? That's crazy! That is crazy! my computer has a lot more juice than that, unbelievable how tech advances.
 Hello! How are you today? I'm doing well how about you?
 Do you know anything about the dance program at Duke University? No, I don't really but they recently celebrated the opening of the new Rubenstein arts center.
 Hi, how are you? Good! Did you know Kristen Stewart from the Twilight movies helped author a paper about AI? Not just a pretty face!
 Hello - did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for 75 million in 2005? Hi, Are you a registered user of Facebook?
 When I previously thought of virtual reality I thought of gaming, but have you heard about its uses in the educational revolution? Hello there, same here, no I haven't seen too much about the educational side though. 
 Hi!  Are you a facebook user? Yes, I do use it, but mostly for the games app's social part. I'd rather play a game. I've heard the Virtual Reality video games are pretty cool. Would you try?
 How's it going? Do you know much about VR? Looks like it is not meeting it's potential as an educational tool Hello there, I know just a little bit, I heard that is true though, that they don't really have the ability to customize the material to the individual or coach. 
 hello Hello how are you doing? Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005
 Are you on Facebook by any chance? yes , I found it interesting that mark zukerburg suffers from colorblindness 
 I guess a disabled student who won a case against a TX school died recently.  Her name is Amber Tatro. Yeah,  thats sad.  Do you used facebook?
 Good Morning! Do you like to travel? I do, I travel a lot for work, but even more for leisure. I wish I could use the commuter bus the Dutch are creating. It's designed to travel at 160mph!
 hi how are you? do you like animals? Hi there. I do like animals though I do not have pets. I think they should have rights so they are not hurt. There's a lawyer in Switzerland who represents them in court.
 Hello ! Did you know the brand ZARA banned the use of animal after an investigation? Hello - I did not know that. 
 do you like colorful clothing? I do just like the pilgrims, do you know when they wear black?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :) Hello, what is your opinion on animal cruelty?
 Do you like to travel? I love to travel. Haven't gotten much chance lately, though. How about you?
 Do you like to travel?  Yes, I do. I dont often have the time or money to travel but i really do enjoy it.
 do you have a smart speaker? I have an alexa... but they kind of creep me out sometimes. I don't. They look handy, but come off as kind of invasive.
 DO you use siri at all? I sure do. Do you know what she sings if you ask her to?
 Do you use siri in your house?  Hi! I use Siri sometimes by accident or sometimes when I am driving and can't take my eyes off the road. However, I do use Alexa around the house. Do you?
 Did you hear about the 300 crocodiles killed in Indonesia? Yeah I think that is sad. Us humans are invading these animals' space and we think we own the place.
 Are you a fan of Disney movies? Hi, how are you? Yes, I do like Disney films. Loved them as a kid. I haven't seen one in a while though. What was the last Disney film that you saw?
 People in Indoenesia do not like crocodiles.  They killed 300 after 1 killed a villager. I can see how the crocodiles can be dangerous though. For them, it's about human safety
 Hi do you like animals? Hi. I love animals. I have a couple of pets. How about you?
 Is Google your #1 search engine? Yeah, pretty much. I'm locked into a disturbing amount of their utilities. How about you?
 It looks like Apple is have some problems with its new HomePod product. Do you have one? No I don't have one. But my parents do have an Amazon Alexa and my brother has a Google home which are similar devices. do you have one by the way?
 hi how are you? do you use amazon? Hello I am doing great! I do, a little more than I want to though, how about you?
 hi how are you? do you like to dance? I like to watch it. I know Bruce Lee was a great dancer and he won the Hong Kong Cha Cha Championship in 1958.
 Hi! Are you familiar with Bad Times at the El Royale? I feel it basically defies expectations even though not all of its surprises are pleasant but there is satisfaction, however! hi how are you? I have heard of it. it is a movie that came out recently, right?
 Good morning! As someone who suffers from ophiophobia. I am pleased to learn there are no snakes in New Zealand.  I hate snakes. 
 Are you a fan of horror films?  I am a definite no on that!
 Did you happen to see Bad Times at the El Royale? I did, and I thought it was much better than what I expected, what about you?
 Isn't it amazing that British politicians were forced by law to wear a top hat. I wonder what the story is on that. I'm going to look up bowler hat
 Hey hows it going, do you like fantasy or horror films the most? horror is the best. I love Edgar Allan Poe
 Hey! Did you know that until 1998, British politicians had to wear a top hat when making a point of order in the house of commons? I did not know that, but it could be because hats are worn for various reasons which include ceremonial ones, like the house of commons!
 Hi do you like DIsney? Yeah I do. Do you know what the real name of Minnie is?
 Hello there hope you're doing well. Do you like the fantasy genre? I like it because it's roots are in oral traditions. I like fantasy drafts. Lol
 Have you ever read a wrinkle in time? I have not. What is it about?
 A Wrinkle in Time was a great film with an interesting cast, what are your thoughts? Well, good morning.  I actually have never seen that movie, have you?
  Hello,  did you know that more than 80% of the earths forests have been destroyed? That is sad. I hope we can reverse that  statistic. 
 As libraries close, I wonder if it is still true there are more libraries than mcdonalds.What do you think? I think its possible, They are very useful for everyone. The sacramento library even has a library of things
 hey did you know that when I cat gets to be 15 years old, it has on average slept for about 10 years, so 2/3 of its lifespan That doesn't surprise me actually.  i saw something funny the other day that in Japan that have what is called Cat Cafe's where people pay hourly to play with cats
 hi, do you know much about planet earth? I know that 80 percent of our forests have already been destroyed
 Hello! How are you this morning? im doing well! sipping on my morning coffee. how about you?
 Hello there, do you follow baseball or MLB much? I do, although I haven't followed it much the past couple of years.
 Do you like game of thrones? I do, its one of my favorite shows, Dacid Benioff is a genious, so much imagination, do you like the show?
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I'm doing good how are you?
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hi, how are you doing?
 Do you watch Game of Thrones? Hi, I have never seen it. What about you?
 did you know that Tom Cruise spent ten million dollars to make a bunker that protects him from aliens lol I did not, I wonder if it was from the star that flickers some people think it is aliens!
 Earth is the third planet from the sun and it is the only planet to have water in liquid form. Yeah and Earth's surface is covered by about 71% water, mostly oceans.
 Do you truly believe aliens exist? Yes I do.  I don't think we are all alone in this universe.  What do you think?
 Hi, how are you? Great, how are you?
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? I'm doing well, how are you? 
 Well...howdy! What about baseball and the World Series?  I'm a fan. Are you a fan of baseball? 
 Hello, do you watch baseball> I am a fan of baseball - I used to know the married couple who scheduled all 2430 baseball games every year
 hey what search engine do you use? Is it google? Hello, how are you? Yes I use Google predominantly, unless I am looking for videos or music. What about you?
 Game of Thrones seems like one of the most popular TV shows...and it has been for a few years, too, right? Yeah about 5 or 6 years now.  You dont watch it?
 Hello. Would you pay 10$ a month for you tube music ? Probably not,  I dont really need it lol I just listen to pandora mostly.
 Hey do you like baseball by the way? What do you think about the Nationals I'm a big baseball fan!  I think they will do ok even though they lost Bryce Harper.  It's kind of the same situation like how they lost Jayson Werth a few years ago.
 Hello do you like baseball? I do like baseball. I think it's crazy that the baseball managers can actually play the game. That's why they wear the uniforms
 Hi, do you like baseball? Yes, I grew up in St. Louis in the 70's so I used to love the Cardinals, KC in the 90-00's so a big Royals fan and I've been in Boston for 4 years so I have enjoyed local baseball in all three towns. Are you a fan?  I knew that managers wear uniforms in the dugout because they can technically play and there were player-managers in the old days, but when the last time a manager actually played in a game?
 Do you like baseball? Yeah, I'm a Royals fan. I thought it funny that managers wear unis because they can play. 
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Hi, I'm trying to learn what the word "accoutrements" means, do you have any idea?
 Hello, do you happen to have a pet? No, I don't own a pet. I do like dogs, though. Do you own a pet?
 I was reading that Jazz trumpeters grew goatees as it provides comfort when they are playing. I never knew that and found it interesting.  That is interesting, so they started it for comfort over style then. 
 Good morning! Do you like dogs? I do, I have a dog at home and a cat. How about you?
 Hi do you like cats? They are definitely good at hunting vermin! Agreed. I do love cats as well as most pets! Did you know the cat used in the opening scene of The Godfather was actually a stray they found on set? I thought that was pretty cool!
 Many people enjoy chatting on the Internet. Do you? Do you like computers? I do actually, I use the computer a lot. I just do not have that kind that the russians made that runs on water
 Hi, how are you? A little tired because I didn't get enough sleep. Have you ever had a pet cat? By the time they're 15, cats have spent about 10 years of their lives sleeping
 hello there  Hello yourself> What have you been getting up to tonight?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good!  Do you use youtube?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like jazz? Hi there! Yeah I do like jazz! Do you?
 Hi?  Have you heard of visual novels such as "Stay" that run on game consoles like Xbox?
 Are you a fan of Jazz?  hi how are you? yes, i like jazz. You?
 Hello did you know the only fish to have a neck is the seahorse? I never thought about it but that is interesting! I am kind of frightened that there is a breed of jelly fish that are immortal. Yikes!
 hi, do you like soccer? To be honest I don't like soccer. But I may watch the World Cup if the USA makes it to that point. What about you?
 Hello there, do you follow the MLS? I do, I  think Wayne Rooney is a great acquisition for the leage what about you?
 Hello. Hey!  How are you today?  Are you an animal person?  I live in Florida so we have a ton of wildlife.  One I don't like is jellyfish!  There is a breed that is immortal!
 Do you like sports? I'm not really into sports, but soccer isn't bad. My friend is obsessed with it and was telling me about this guy Freddy Adu who became pro at 14, I think
 Hi, do you like wine? I am not a big wine drinker, I have it occasionally but sometimes it gives me very bad headaches.
 I'm so ready for daylight savings time and longer days. Did you know that when the Earth was formed a day was only 5.5 hours long? interesting, lets talk about the planets more. Most planets spin around the run but uranus rolls around it. 
 Good Morning! The weekend is very near. Have you got any plans? Good morning! No I don't as yet.  I'd like to get out and see some stars some night soon.  I don't have a telescope that is all the powerful though. I imagine mine is more like Galileo's telescope.  Do you have plans?
 I was reading a factual section about Luke Skywalker and found it very interesting that his role was initially written as a girl I had no idea! I also read that the original light saber that he used is in the space station.
 hi how are you? i think we are back online. Lets talk about the earth, shall we? I live on it. 
 hey there, do you like movies? I do. I actually saw 50 Shades of Grey with a friend for Valentine's Day in IMAX.
 DO you follow box office movies? Yes I do. Do you know who is the star of box office?
 Hi, do you like baseball? yah i like baseball.. what abt u?
 Hi, how are you? I am good. How are you?  Do you like baseball?  Have you ever heard of their unwritten rules such as if you hit one of our we'll hit one of yours?
 hi how are you? do you like baseball? Hi, I think it is fun to learn about. I don't understand why the managers can also be players. That is sort of odd.
 Hi do you have an Android or an iPhone? Hi there, I have an iPhone and you?
 Hi there do you have an iPhone or an Android? Hi, I have an iPhone. Do you know when the first one was released?
 Do you think electronic devices are having a negative impact on families? I think they have some negative impact but they also do a lot of good. In my opinion the benefits outweigh the negative aspects.
 Hi, are you a tech person? Hello, somewhat, I enjoy all the advantages!
 hey my friend do you like star wars? Of course!  Chewbacca is my favorite!
 hi, do you like netflix? Hello!  I'm a big fan and have had it for years.  What about you?
 hello do you like chewbacca from star wars? Hello. I love Chewie!! I think it's awesome that MTV gave him a lifetime achievement award.
 Did you know horror movies were originally inspired by literature? Yeah I think classic authors like Poe, Bram Stoker, and Mary Shelley inspired the genre. 
 Hey have you ever seen the movie Halloween? Or even the newest one with Jamie Lee Curtis I have not. I like her. But I don't really like horror films. Have you?
 Do you have children? No I do not, how about you?
 Do you have kids that are around 10 or past that? I have teens, thankfully both went through puberty without turning into monsters.
 hi how are you? Do you use youtube? I do, daily, how about you?
 Hello. Did you know there is a violin made of stone, and it is actually playable? Never heard of that. Wonder if it has 4 strings, like normal violins?
 Hello - how are you today? I am great! So do you pay attention to politics at all?
 Hello, do you like to travel? yes, i love to travel. You?
 Do you like the travel? Yes, I love to travel! How about you?
 Hi! Have you ever had to deal with kids going through puberty? It very difficult to handle. Mostly they playing games and not focused on studies.
 Do you have or have had  kids in that challenging stage of puberty entering.  No, I do not have kids but my parents said that I was tough to deal with in this stage. I was not a well behaved kid. What about you?
 Hi, how are you on this fine evening? hi I'm doing great how about you, did you know Julius Caesar would write fan fiction when he was young, It was about hercules haha
 Hi there. Do you enjoy to travel? I love visiting distant geographical locations! Yes, I was actually in Paris last week. Do you travel? I was surprised there a website for people with couches to crash on, wish I knew it last week I had a long layover.
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm doing good! What about you? Do you like to listen to music?
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hello! Good i just read some really interesting stuff about Jazz music. Did you know it started in the great city of New Orleans?
 DO you like Jazz ? There is a lot of people who like Jazz, like Clint Eastwood.  Yes, Jazz is an art form that has been around a long time. It originated in African- American communities in the late 19th, early 20th century.
 Hey how is it going today, have you heard of the axe-murderer in New Orleans by chance? Scary! I  did, I thought that was a terrifying story as well, King Zeno, sure seems like a scary piece
 What do you think about the net worth of Kylie Jenner? I think that she is lucky. 
 Forbes says Kylie Jenner is a billionaire. I had no idea. I did not know that either.  That is crazy. Do you like space?  I would like to go to Mars someday
 Do you use Facebook? Yes, I do.
 hey did you know a robot can now be programmed to debone a chicken? Interesting. There is even a robotic arm that a paralyzed woman controls with her thoughts.
 hi, do you like robots? hey! I do like robots, theyre so advanced I guess they can now debone a chicken which is awesome
 hi how are you? do you like mars? it is a planet, one of many. I think Mars is fascinating!
 Are you a fan of Star Wars? Yea, I love the original 1977 Start Wars
 Do you like star wars Oh yes!  And was happy to see luke skywalker nack!
 Hi, how are you doing today? Well thanks. Are you a star wars fan?
 This government shutdown is not looking great. Not at all.  I saw McCarthy next to Trump often.  Do they like each other?
 Did you know the taller candidate has won the US Election 75% of the time?  I had heard that.  It is an interesting metric to think about when it comes to elections.  I wonder if that accounts for popular vote, or just the election.
 Hello,  did you every us president with a beard has been republican? Hi. I just read that, and find that to be pretty funny! That's one of those facts that is fun but meaningless. 
 Good morning. Do you follow politics? Good morning, I'd say I follow some politics, but not too deeply.
 Good Morning! How are you today? Hi, I am good. Do you follow politics?
 Hi, how are you today? These are 3 interesting articles, don't you think? I can't believe is has been over 150 since we had a president who wasn't a Democrat or Republican
 Hi! Do you follow politics? hey there yes I do, did you know the republican party was founded in 1854
 Hello, do you follow politics? Hi, it's hard not to these days with everything going on in the news.
 Have you read Book Club or Fifty Shades of Grey? No I haven't.  I've seen commercials for both movies and Book Club looks interesting.  I like Diane Keaton, Candice Bergen, and Mary Steenburgen.  Have you read the books?
 How are you? Did u know With over $8.5 billion worldwide film earnings, tom hanks is the highest all-time box office star. I think I read that somewhere.  I did know however that Even though John Carter was considered a flop for Disney, it did great in Russia, even breaking box office records
 Hi. Do you like comedy?  I didn't know until recently that comedy originated in ancient greece. ya I do like comedy, I like that Drew Carey got his start doing comedy when he was in the marines
 Hey how often do use the internet? I know that I'm using it right now haha I use it really often and Im using it right now as well lol so a lot 
 Did you know in the "x-files" aliens begin their colonization of earth on December 22, 2012? I had no idea! I've never watched the show, but I wonder if it gives you tips on what to do in case of an invasion? I understand there are some firefighters that are trained to treat aliens.
 Hi what arts do you enjoy? Music, Literature, etc? Hello - I enjoy it all. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001?
 Do you like concerts?  Sometimes don't really get out much though. What kind of concerts? 
 Hello! Are you interested in poetry at all? Hi! Poetry is ok, not really my thing. I read poems in school. Nowadays, I don't. I prefer novels. You?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like to use the Internet? Hey. Yes I love the Internet. They carry so much information and resources and services.
 Hello, do you like Astronomy? I do, but do not follow it closely.  I did have the good fortune of seeing the 2012 annular eclipse when I was on a consulting assignment in Utah.  And you?
 Hi!  Are you a fan of cats? Yea cats are awesome, in japan and taiwan they have cat cafes where you can have drinks and pet cats
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of this planet of ours? Hello, Great! Its very interesting!! Its upsetting about our natural forests being destroyed!
 Hi, how are you? im great! how are you? do you like snakes?
 Hi do you like Wonder woman movie Yea, Patty Jenkins did a great job directing Wonder Woman
 Do you like poetry?  I'm not too into them. I heard that Ursula K Le Guin who is known for her science fiction and fantasy novels, finshed a collection of poetry before her death.
 Hi. I think it's so fascinating to learn facts about the earth. Earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st-century. I wonder what is causing that? Good question! Humans only represent 1 minute and 17 seconds if the entire earths history was viewed as 1 day!
 What are your thought on Tina Turner? I think she is really talented I remember her from childhood,  I definitely think she is super talented!  Such a unique voice.  Have you ever been to her concert? I hear Linkin park did 324 concerts in one year!  
 Have you ever seen the film Wonder Woman? I havent. I do want to though.
 Hey!  Do you enjoy Poetry?  It's a form of literature that uses aesthetic and the rhythmic attributes of language. Hello there, yes I do enjoy some poetry for sure, how about yourself?  
 Are you afraid of snakes? To be honest yes and I was born and raised in the country.
 Do you like to read? Seems like Woman Who Fly is a great book I like to read occasionally. I have not heard of that, what is it about?
 Are you familiar with tina turner? Yes I know who she is. I heard she's coming out with a new book.
 Hi, do you use Netflix? I am a subscriber yes, do you?
 Hi - do you like Netflix? I do like Netflix but not as much as I use to. It doesn't seem like they have been adding new shows lately
 Hi. Do you watch Netflix? I do all the time.
 did you know between 9pm -12 am netflix accounts for a third of the bandwidth in north america I can believe that. My son watches movies all the time along with TV shows and Netflick originals. He got me hooked on Stranger Things.
 Hi, how are you? I'm good thanks. I was reading about tennis recently. Didier Drogba  is a soccer player that stopped a civil war in his home country. 
 Hi, how are you? Hi I'm good, did you know that only one black man has ever won the us open tennis tournament?
 Hi there do you like association football? Hi there I actually do. Do you know why it is called soccer in the US?
 Hey! Did you watch FIFA World cup the last summer? Hey yeah I caught some of it. I love it because it is an international competition!
 Did you watch the Pacific Rim Uprising movie? Hello there, no I have not see it, is it any good?
 Have you ever seen Keeping up with the Kardashians?  Yes, I know bits and pieces. I know Kim was born 10-21-80. 
 Have you seen the movie Solaris? No.  Do you know anything more about it?
 What's up? Are you into pop music? It originated during the mid-1950s yes very much so.
 Hello how are you today? Hello, I am good. How are you?  Do you listen to jazz music?
 Hey did you know that Queen's guitarist has a PHD in astrophysics? thats crazy Wow.  That's cool.  Much cooler than,  say, playing the accordion... 
 Hello,  do you know much about cinematography? Not really, I'm an avid movie watcher. I have heard of Roger Deakins who constantly is getting nominated for awards.
 Hey, how's it going? Are you a fan of Phil Collins at all? Yea Phil Collins is a pretty good singer, I never knew he was in the beatles movie "A Hard Day's Night"
 Are you a fan of pop music? i do like pop music. You?
 I am not a super Phil Collins fan-are you? Hello there, I am not but he does have a few good songs. 
 Hi There! Do you like movies? I like movies, it is a form of art. . 
 Do you enjoy music? Yes. I love Jazz music but I also have a love for Kanye West songs.
 I just read a section on comedy which states that the python program was partly named after Monty Python. I love how they did that! Yeah the programming language I think is what you mean. Classic comedy. Kung Fu Hustle is a brilliant comedy also.
 Do you happen to enjoy pop music? I do, I like Queen myself. Did you know that it's been scientifically proven that "We Are The Champions" is the catchiest pop song of all time?
 Hello,  do you know much about celebrities? Yes I do. What about you?
 Hello do you like pop music? I do like pop music, I also like accordions though, did you hear about the big accordion Festival that is happening in Virginia?
 Do you tend to follow elections in the country? Yes I plan to, it heard to decide who to vote for, I almost gave up on voting at one point.
 Have you ever heard of the civil rights lawyer Michael Trister? No, was he black?
 Hey! Hello there, how are you doing? Do you attend many concerts these days?
 did you know that john mccain was once on jeopardy 1965 No I didn't know about that. Have you ever heard of Michael Trister by the way? He was a civil rights lawyer and died recently
 Are you a big google user? Yes, regularly use Google to do searches. You?
 Do you like the piano? I love the piano!  I am not able to play well though.
 Hi, do you use Amazon? Hi, are you interested in Google, Amazon, or Artificial Intelligence?
 Its crazy how Google and Amazon have grown It's hard to even believe Google has been around for over twenty years.
 Hello there, do you use Amazon much? Hey yeah I love Amazon use it all the time! Hard to believe amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day.
 Hi are you a big fan of google?  They have really became one powerful company. I use Google every day.  It is hard not to.  When Google is down, almost all web traffic is down also.
 lol, On april 18, 1930, the bbc decided there was no news worth reporting, so they broadcast piano music instead. Did You hear about that ? No I didn't ...I'd bet it was more soothing that  the news
 Hi there, did you hear that Amazon pulled out of its decision to build its second headquarters in NY today? I didn't hear that.  They have so many locations, and such a wide reach.  Jeff Bezos certainly has vision
 Do you enjoy classical music? I do, I listen to classical music when Im working what about you?
 Have you ever visited Silicon Valley? I know that it's in California I haven't. I am sure it is something to be seen.
 Winter is getting old.  I'm ready to see birds migrating back north from Mexico; that would be a welcome sight. Yea birds are pretty interesting, i find their light weight skeleton fascinating 
 Are movies your kind of entertainment? Yeah I like movies. Im particularly fond of Stehpen speilberg films.
 Hi, how are you? Me? i guess im pretty good. how are you doing? everything going all right? get enough to eat there? thats good. what do you think about the moon?
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? I like movies.  I really like Steven Spielberg movies like E.T. and Indiana Jones.  What do you like?
 Hi there! Have you ever had a pet bird? No I haven't but I have memories of friends who did when I was growing up.  How about you?
 Do you enjoy dining at interesting restaurants? Hello there, I do enjoy going yes, how about you?
 Did you know about the wild birds in Australia and their pecularity? Can't say that I have. What about them?
 Do you like audiobooks? Yes, do you? I enjoy them a lot!
 hi, do you attend concerts? Hi, how are you? Sometimes, when I have the money. How about you?
 So do you go to a lot of concerts? I actually do!  Love music and going to concerts!  Do you like Linkin Park?  They played 324 concerts in 2001 alone.  That's a lot of shows in one year!
 Hey there have you ever been to a concert before? I know I go to them all the time Unfortunately I've never been to a concert! I would love to go to one soon.
 Hi, how are you? Are you a music fan? I listen to music whenever I can! I haven't been to a concert in a minute, but I tend to really enjoy those when it's an act I'm a fan of. I can appreciate orchestra, too, though.
 Festivals are really nice I remember going with my parents when I was a kid, really fun Which festivals did you go to?
 Hello! How are you tonight? Im doing great now that the server is back up. How are you?
 Good Afternoon!  I love going to concerts, seeing my favorite bands, music live - how about you? Hello, I do as well though I don't get to go often. I have been to a few recitals in my day too.
 Did you know there is a company that has robot dogs for sale? I did not. What's it all about?
 hey there, do you like robots? I think they are pretty fascinating, actually the term robotics was invented by scifi writer Issac Asimov.  What about you?
 Do you like fish?  I love fish, looking at them and eating them also
 Hello.  Did you vote in the mid term election? Hi yes I did. How about you?
 Hi there did you know that the US Senate used the same gavel for 165 years? I think I heard about that! And then one day Richard Nixon broke it LOL he truly is the master in the art of ruining things LOL
  Did you know Richard Nixon cracked the us senate gavel after being used for 165 years? I was not aware of that, very interesting.  Are you really into politics?
 How does America make collective decisions.  By voting.   Do you know the difference between the United States Senate and House of Representatives?
 Do you read much poetry? I do sometimes. What about you though? I do read a lot of old Epic tales like the Epic of Gilgamesh
 Do you know much about the US senate? A little, I know people are up in arms over Kavanaugh's Supremo Court nomination. 
 Do you happen to own an iPhone? I do.  I dont think Ill ever switch to a Microsoft or any other device
 Hi, how are you? What do you know about the White House? I know that there are identical versions of it in Ireland and France
 hi how are you today? what do you think of shoes? I think shoes are very valuable.
 Hello Hey. Did you ever get jealous of the kinds of clothes your friends had when you were a kid?
 hello,  do you vote?  did you know Indian government puts their polling booth in a forst full of lions?  That is crazy!! That sure is crazy and yes, I do vote. DO you? Astronauts are so cool, they vote from space
 Do you take much interest in the first lady, now or in the past? Some, I always try to pay attention to whats going on in the world.
 Hello! Are you into politics at all? Hi,kind of how about you?
 Hello!  Do you like fish? I do like fish. Do you?
 Hello, my good friend! How are you doing today on this fine fine day? Hi very good thanks. It is interesting learning about the Republican party back in the 1800's!
 do you like jazz music? I sure do. Did you know CLint Eastwood is also a huge fan?
 Did you listen to Led Zeppelin?  There's a new book out about them.   I was not aware of that. Have you heard it?
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Did you know There is a programming language in which the programs are written in musical composition, and functional programs have jazz-like harmonies. That's interesting. I guess there is a reason some jazz trumpeters have goatees. It provides comfort when playing.
 Are you aware of the music genre called jazz? Yes, I like jazz very much.  Jazz originated in the African- american  communities of New Orleans.
 Do you like jazz ? Hello there, I sure do, it's such an expressive form of music.  How about you?
 DO you enjoy jazz Love it! How 'bout yourself?
 Hello! How are you? I'm great! Do you like Led zeppelin? 
 Hey, did you hear about the Disney fans who got married in June?  No I did not.  But I am a huge Disney fan.  Did you know that "The Lion King" was the first Disney film dubbed into ZULU.  That was for it's African release.
 did you know that a hockey player can lose up to eight pounds over the course of one game Hi! No I didn't know that, are you a hockey fan?
 Are you a fan of Disney films? yes,definitely i like Disney film 
 Hello, what do you think about Lane Lambert and the peculiar day of the wedding? That is a bit different, I guess his daughter ate Lucky Charms out of the cup during this thing. 
 are you a Henry David Thoreau fan? No, I had never heard of him.
 I recently learned that the earth is the densest planet in the solar system.  I wonder if that helps it to support all of the water on it. That is one possibility. Water is a very important resource that helps give life on earth.
 Do you like to read? I do like to read. Mostly mystery thrillers and sci-fi. How bout yourself?
 Hi, how are you? Not bad.  Do you know anything about Henry David Thoreau?
 How ya doing? Have you heard of the author Henry Thoreau? His novel about trees sounds exciting. Yeah it does... who would of thought a book about trees could be interesting?!
 Hello! Do you like lady gaga? Yeah I think she is fascinating. The movie she did with Bradley Cooper was great.
 Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?  I am!  I've been a fan since her EP The Fame Monster came out in 2009.
 Have you seen the movie a star is born yet? I have. It was wonderful. Bradley Cooper did a wonderful job playing the part.
 Hi there, are much of a movie lover? Hi, I do like movies.  Do you?  Have you seen the new A star is born with lady gaga and bradley cooper?
 Are you a Lady Gaga fan? Yes, musically and as an actress. I just heard a new extended version of a star is born is coming out. I can't wait to see the extra footage.
 heloo,  how are you doing? Ugg boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm after leaving the cold ocean that makes sense! professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pair of shoes in a week. that must be  expensive 
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Great.  Did you know Ugg Boots were invented by surfers to keep their feet warm?
 Do you shop at LL Bean? Yes, I do.  I wondered when they would stop their lifetime refund guarantee.  People nowadays are just plain crooked.
 Hello - how are you doing today? I'm great! Are you interesting in government?
 Hi there. Have you ever been to the White House? i have never been to the white house. i would like to go some day. have you been?
 Did you vote in the last election? I did. Do you know how they elected people in ancient athens?
 Hi, how are you? I am great! How are you!
 Are you a skin head? That is a really strange salutation but no, I am not a skin head. 
 Hey there. I just learned that GOP stands for Grand Old Party. Very traditional sounding. That is exactly what I think too. The Republican party is old school so it fits very nicely!
 Hi there! I'm not sure about you, but I have recently learned so much about politics! Me too, a lot of cool facts like how the red and blue colors of republicans and democrats started in 2000
 Do you like tennis ? The longest match in tennis history went on for 11 hours and was spread over 3 days. Wow.  That's a long time. I haven't played since I was in college...and even then I stunk. lol  I much prefer table tennis which is also called ping pong.  lol
 Hi, do you like tennis? Not that much. If they still used a Helicopter to dry the grass tennis courts like they did in the 1969 open I would watch.
 Do you have hope for Pelosi and the democrats in providing balance to the government at this all important time in history. I am not very into politics. The modern-day Democratic Party was founded around 1828 by supporters of Andrew Jackson.
 Hey what do you think about tennis? I used to play in high school I watched it a lot when I was younger. It is the sport that brought us the Polos
 Hi!  Do you watch Tennis? Yes. Tennis is a racket sports played against individuals and Tennis is a olympic sports played at all ages.
 Do you like horror films?  Yea, I like the horror films that have macabre and supernatural themes the most
 Do you like to play tennis? I'm not sure. i never really gotten to play.  Do you?
 I love horror movies and always have. I just read that Stephen Kings first horror movie was "Bambi" of all movies to be terrified of ? lol I love horror movies as well and yeah I dont see running for my life if I see bambi lol
 Hi there!  Do you follow or enjoy tennis at all?  I play it a lot more than I follow it, but I do know that Roger Federer has the most Grand Slam titles in history! I do, Juan Martin del Potro is one of my favorite players, do you know who he is? and Federer is a great player as well I really like him
 Hello - how are you today? I'm doing pretty good, how about yourself?
 Hi there, do you watch video on YouTube? Occasionally. I like to play Bob Ross' Joy of Painting for my dogs while I'm at work, and YouTube has full episodes of it.
 Do you like tennis? I do like tennis, do you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great! How are you doing tonight?
 Hi how are you?! I'm good!  Do you like animals?
 Are you a fan of horses?  I like them. I know dalmatians are associated with fire departments because they would calm the horses
 I like Walt Disney, how about you. Yes I like Walt Disney a lot. Did you hear about the Lion King remake that they're coming out with though? Is it live action or not?
 hello, I love horses. One of my fav are the icelandic horses. They go very fast.  Hello, I love horses also. I like how the get along with the Dalmatians that are with firefighters that protect them.
 hi,  do you like animals?  did you know the loch ness monster is a protected species?  I did not know that. That will come in handy once we find one. Also,Germany was the first country in the world to universally give animals legal rights that were constitutionally guaranteed. This was in 2002.
 Hi, do you like animals? I do like them cant believe there are 20 quintillion animals out there
 Hi, how are you? Fine. What about you ?
 Did you know animals are multicellular ekaryotic organisms? No didnt know that, but there are 20 quintillion of them in our planet
 What do you think of remakes of movies and cartoons? I enjoy remakes if they are done well. 
 Do you often use the computer? Yes i do!
 Did You know that humans may have lost their body hair as recently as 240,000 years ago ? I think that fact is misleading. After all, we still have plenty of body hair today. I think it would be more accurate to say humans lost their fur (a consistent/extensive hair covering) within the last 240,000 years ago.
 Do you like horror films? Not crazy about them unless they're real good like Steven King's Misery, but I think that's more thriller.
 Are you a fan of horror movies? Yes I like some of them. Do you know which movies Stephen King thinks is the scariest?
 did you know Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw. Yes, it's crazy that watching calories can burn more than 180 calories
 Do you have a pet? I have a dog.  I used to have two dogs and two cats.
 Hey have you ever seen the movie show dogs? You think it's appropriate for kids It has been awhile, but I know it is said to be kid friendly. Are you a dog fan?
 hi, do you like dogs? Hi and yes i love dogs!  I like how they are related to wolves.  I wonder what their original ancestor was like.  Do you like dogs?
 Hello Hello. Do you know the dog as the first species to be domesticated?
 Dogs or cats? Dogs of course, you?
 I am not a fan of Mitch McConnell.  The senate majority leader has gone somewhat nuts. Good afternoon, I try to avoid the political shenanigans.  It's just one shyster trying to get something over on the other guy, all the time.  
 Hey do you ever play video games? Have you ever played the game The Thin silence hi how are you? i used to play video games. The Thin Silence? i havent heard of it.
 hey did you know the Senate used a gavel for 165 years until Nixon cracked it Hello - no I did not know that. Pretty cool. 
 Hi, how are you? Not bad. Do you know anything about Mitch McConnell?
 Hi, do you enjoy conspiracy theory? Hello - I do enjoy them. Not that I believe most, but they make you think. What about you?
 Hi! You play video games? I think it's funny they were intially called cathode ray tube amusement devices! I know I am so glad we switched to just calling them video games
 hey my friend did you ever see the movie Jaws? I did, I thought it was scary back in the day, what are your thoughts on the movie?
 Hi, how are you? Good, thank you - yourself? do you play video games?
 Have you heard the recent stuff about Kavanaugh? Somewhat, Never know what to believe.
 Are you afraid of snakes? Hi, I am a little! but I was surprised there are none in New Zealand!
 Good morning.  So, the other day I was shopping for a shirt and then I heard that originally shirts used to be an item worn exclusively by men.  How strange. Maybe because women only wore dresses?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Thanks and hello.
 I don't much like winter, but at least there are no snakes outside.  Carnivorous reptiles can be dangerous if they are poisonous. Or you can go to New Zealand where there are no snakes.  I wonder how that happened and none got there accidentally like on plane rides.
 Hello,  do you know much about fish?   I know a little about fish I think they are interesting. I know that black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weight. I am very impressed with that fact. 
 Are you a big fan of sushi? Yes! I love sushi!
 Do you like Fish?  I love fish, I like eating them and seeing them, you?
 Do you like bird? maybe have birdwatching as one of your hobbies? I like birds but I'm not an official birdwatcher.  I am a bit surprised to learn that the dodo bird is a real thing.  The are actually part of the pidgeon family. 
 hey did you know that the dodo bird is actually closely related to the pigeon? Hello there, no I didn't know that, very interesting.  Have you ever seen videos of the dodo bird in action?
 Hi, how are you? I am ok. Have you visited Aspen Colorado?
 Hello! Are you a bird watcher? Good Afternoon.  I actually am.  I don't get most of the 10,000 living species of them in my yard, but do enjoy watching the ones that I do have.
 Hi! Have you ever traveled to Japan?  No, I have not but I have been to Hawaii and had family there when the ballistic missile threat message went out the morning of Jan. 13th. They were really scared.
 Hello, do you enjoy traveling? I love to travel.  How about you?
 hello! how are you doing? What did you think of the article? Not exactly one I've ever thought about for sure.
 Did you know that there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways at 4500mph and temperatures are up to 2000 degrees F? No, I do not know that, what is the name of the planet ?
 It's crazy the way technology is taking off. I was reading that robots are being created to basically be our pets. In fact, the word "robotics" was invented by a person named Isaac Asimov!
 do you like robots? somewhat. Did you know Jackson wanted to build one of himself?
 Did you see the winning submission for the Mars constest sponsored by NASA? Interesting.  I also read an article saying that robots would create livable environment before humans arrive.
 Toymaker Anki is really skilled, he has mastered the art of toy making I agree.  He makes a lot of robotics right?
 I built a toy robot once. Have you? No, I'd probably electrocute myself if I tried, but it would be cool to have a pet robot
 Hi do you many facts about the earth? Earth is the third planet from the sun
 Landing on Mars seems like a difficult feat Yeah, Sending something to Mars involve very high speed, landing on Mars imply reducing that speed to 0. It is an interesting engineering problem. 
 Hello my name is Dave, how are you this fine day? It think it is pretty crazy that parachutes of space vehicles are made from fabric you can buy at a fabric store.  Yeah it seems like that material is very high tech but easily accessible. Do you follow science news alot?
 Hi do you know many facts about the Earth?  I know some facts. For instance you could fit all the plants in the solar system between the Earth and the Moon.!
 Hello, do you know much about the planets? Hi! I know a little bit here and there! How about you? I'm a huge fan of Jupiter. In fact, one of its moons (Ganymede) would actually be considered a planet if it orbited the sun.
 Hi, do you want to chat about Mars? Mars is the fourth planet from the Sun and the second-smallest planet in the Solar System after Mercury. In English, Mars carries a name of the Roman God of War and is often referred to as the Red Planet. I would say that Mars is a fierce looking neighbor, but probably the friendliest planet at least for humans. Second to earth, that is.
 Did you know the Justin Bieber songs? Specially his famous song baby baby song. No I didn't know that, I did like his songs when he first started singing as he got older, I got a little less Interesting.
 Hello! Are you interested in astronomy? I just learned some interesting facts about Mars. I am interested, I think the universe is full with wonders! what did you learn about Mars please tell me.
 Hello. Can you believe The Onion voted Kum Jong Un as the sexiest man alive, and China actually believed that nonsense? No way! I didn't see that! I love reading articles about that part of the world, though. Like, did you read about the missile alert in Hawaii?
 Hi! Do you play video games? Did you know that it's illegal in South Korea for kids under 16 to play video games? I wonder how kids in America would take that, if that became a law here, haha.  oh wow, that is weird I don't like that, I played lots of games as a kid what about you?
 I just had a long day of playing video games. How was your day? Hello,  sounds rough,  hope you can make it through the convo lol My day has been pretty great,  cant complain.  Did you know there is a planet where shards of glass precipitate sideways?
 Hello. What do you think of Pluto-planet or not? If it were up to me it would be a planet. Seems silly to deem it otherwise.
 Hello there, do you play video games much these days? Not really... I hear it's illegal in S. Korea for kids 16 and under to play after midnight.  That rule works for me...
 Hey have you ever seen Justin Timberlake in concert before? No.  I have not.  I am not really much into pop music.  It seems like he has been around forever.
 Do you like Justin Timberlake?  He has a tour called "Man of the Woods"? I have never been that huge of a fan, but I have heard his concerts are amazing.  I remember watching the HBO special of his Madison Square Garden show.  Are you a fan?
 Are you a big fan of dancing?  Huge fan! I like the cha-cha. You?
 Hello, are you a Tupac fan? I am and wasn't aware he was a ballet dancer in High school I'm not the biggest fan of rap, admittedly, but I do like some of his work.  Neat that he was a ballet dancer.  Speaking of ballet dancers, I'm told they go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a WEEK.  Talk about being on your toes!
 Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great dancer? No but I figure since he was so good in martial arts moves, dancing would come easy.  What is more surprising is Mr. Rogers learned to break dance on an episode.  
 Dance is a performance of art selected of human movement. It is the birth place so many exercise movement without the equipment. Awesome, I agree. I love to dance. It's aesthetic and loved by all cultures across the world.
 Do you like Linkin Park? To me they're one of those bands at the turn of the century who were like a holdover from 90s grunge. I like their first album hybrid theory which happens to be the best selling album of the 21st century
 You a Justin Timberlake fan? Sounds like his current tour is pretty cool. For a pop artist I don't mind JT. His Man in the Woods Tour? Which is album is that concert for?
 Hi. Did you know that moon dust can cut through kevlar like material? No, that's fascinating. Did you know the highest point on the moon is 1938 meters taller than Mt. Everest?
 Bruce Lee was so talented. He even won the hong kong cha-cha championship back in 1958! Man of many talents. Bruce Lee was great! I loved his movies.  Michael Jackson was also talented.  He has patent on a device that he used in dancing.
 hi, do you like dance? I do, however I am not very good at it, which is what makes it half of the fun
 Hello, How are you tonight? Have you seen the Tesla car? Yes I've actually driven in a Tesla before, what about you? I like that they have a lot of vehicles coming out like the model S and model X these days
 hi, do you enjoy reading? Yes, I like to read before I go to sleep. 
 hi how are you? do you like reading? I do like reading. I like the cognitive process of decoding the symbols to derive the meaning. 
 Do you like sharks?  I think they're one of the most interesting animals on the planet plus I enjoy watching Shark Week, how about you?
 Good morning. How are you this morning? Good morning! I am good. Just checking out all the place to eat in Vegas.
 Hello, how are you doing today? I am great! how are you? 
 Have you ever had pet fish? I think I had fish when I was little. They are interesting though. My daughter has a fish in her preschool classroom and loves it
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you?
 Did you enjoy the Harry Porrer series? I only saw like the first 2. Did you?
 Do you enjoy the Star Wars movies? I do. Do you
 Did you read the article about the composer of the Star Wars movie "The Last Jedi" ? I did, I thought that it was so amazing that it was called the best movie score of all time. That's so fitting for one of the most popular sagas to ever exist!
 Hi there, are you a fan of Star Wars? Yes I am.  Been a fan since a kid!  George Lucas created a monster when he made the first Star Wars movie in 1977.
 Do you know what the dodo bird looks like? No, I do not.  What does a dodo bird look like?
 hey there, do you like nature and animals? Why yes I most certainly do. Do you?
 I did not know that the sun is actually white, did you? Yea, I heard the sun is perceived as yellow due to atmospheric scattering
 Hello, do you know a lot about the Solar System? Well, the center of our solar system is the sun, which provides the majority of energy to support life on Earth.
 Hello. I love good weather all thanks to the sun! It is a perfect sphere of hot plasma!  Me too. I saw that the sun is actually really white.
 Hello, how are you doing tonight? Great. Are you into baseball?  Funny that MLB managers wear uniforms since they can actually play in the game.
 Have you heard about Idra Novey? Her second novel those who knew is apparently a very good book No I have not. What is the book about?
 do you like baseball? I do even though I prefer football.  Why did you ask?
 Hi Turker, did you know with 50 state in the union there are 100 US Senators? Yep I did know that. each state gets two senators actually. So you're right about that. I think it's interesting that the Senators used to be elected by the states, but obviously now they are elected by the people
 hi there, do you know much about US senate? I know a little.  What about you?
 Good morning, do you listen to a lot of music? Yes.  I span many genre, but like classic country and classic rock the best.  I still have vinyl albums in the attic from my youth in the 70s and 80s.  And you? 
 Did you know Bruce Lee once won a Cha-Cha championship? No, is that true? that's pretty amazing but not completely surprising
 Good evening! Hello. Do you use your computer often?
 Did you ever hear of Nokie Edwards of the Ventures?  He helped create hits in the 60's? I have not ever heard of him. What type of music did he/they play?
 "Reality show" is a good description for Bezos's search for a new headquarters location. LOL. The Amazon guy? Yeah, reality show sounds about right based on the jokes I read on Twitter!
 Hi do you shop online much? I do actually I do a lot of shopping on Amazon, and you?
 William Shakespeare was a master writer; I would argue that the world will never see another like him. I agree with you.  I heard he might have actually been a woman, or,  a group of people.  Did you know he is credited with inventing the names Miranda, Jessica and Olivia?
 Hi. Do you like Shakespeare? Hello!  Yes I do.  He is regarded as the greatest writer in the English language.  Are you a fan?
 Hi, have you listened to any good albums lately? I have to say that I have not unfortunately.  I haven't even listened to anything on vinyl.  Have you?
 Good morning to you. Do you like rock music?It sure was popular in the 1950s when it first began. I do like rock music! Have you heard about the rocker, viktor tsoi?
 HI, have you read Macbeth? I read it and is very interesting I have! Lady Macbeth was always my favorite character but now I'm leaning towards Lady Macduff. A revival of the play about ~350 years ago gave her a bigger role and she's actually heroic, not murderous lol
 Good morning. Have you watched the Ethiopian celebrity chef? He's awesome. I have. The way he is trying to combat hunger in his country is just awe inspiring.
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, how are you do you like soccer at all?
 Hello there, are you a fan of movies? Hello, I love movies. What about you?
 Hello, did you know that the sun is only 1,000,000,000th the size of the biggest star? Hi, how are you? That's amazing! The sun accounts for most of the mass in our solar system, yet it's not that big.
 The sun is a pretty crazy thing, what do you think? It really is. Did you know that the sun is actually white. It just looks yellow because of atmospheric scattering.
 Hi, do you like soccer? I do enjoy soccer, have done all my life but I don't get to see much now.
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  How are you today?
 Morning! Wow, I haven't thought about sports since high school. I didn't realize competitive wrestling really is. Apparently its as competitive as other sports, I just to wrestle in high school so it would be nice to remember those times.
 I have a love/hate relationship with running, but I can appreciate people who can do it and do it well like Donald Ritchie Same here, I have run one marathon and never plan to again, I couldnt imagine being an ultra runner
 Donald Ritchie just died - man he was amazing at running long distances He was. He set many world records!
 Do you Run? No, I don't.  Do you?
 Good morning!! I learned a little interesting trivia... Denis Cyplenkov has the biggest and most dense muscles in the whole world!! He's an arm wresting champion... go figure!! Wow!  His hands must be intense!!  I don't know a lot about wrestling, but it's pretty funny that the Turkish national sport is oil wrestling!
 What do you think about Morgan Freeman? I always thought he was a good guy but it seems like he's being accused of sexual harassment Yeah, I was also disappointed when Cosby first got accused because I watched his show growing up. A lot of women have come forward and there were lots of witnesses too.
 I have always been a fan of comedy. How about you? Yes, I do like comedy but horror movies are my favorite.  What is your favorite movie?
 Do you enjoy reading? It's actually one of my favorite pastimes. I definitely would have been part of the "Moral Panic" had I lived in the 18th century, because I love novels
 Hi there, do you watch movies at al? I do, my favorite genre is comedy, do you like movies?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great! Did you know that Adam Sandler has a special on Netflix?
 Voting is a method to elect their representative, it is the duty of every citizen to cast their vote and select their representative for the nation. Yea, India takes voting seriously, they set up a polling booth in a forrest with lions for one voter
 HEY, DO YOU WATCH nETFLIX? I love Netflix! Tell me something about Netflix
 Hi!  Did you ever play nintendo? Oh yeah I did.  I still do.  One of the best gaming systems ever!
 Netflix was founded in 1997, it's older than I thought.  I think it's amazing Blockbuster could have bought them 
 Hello! So do you get into politics at all? i sometimes pay attention. it can be depressing. do you follow politics?
 Do you play Nintendo games like Super Smash Bros? I do! I have a Switch at home and was excited for the game to come out. Do you play them?
 hey did you know that astronauts can vote when they are in outer space? Haha, I did not know that... How do they cast their ballot?  Do they have to submit an absentee ballot before going into space?
 Are you comfortable talking about the election and voting? ya we can do that, did you hear that a chimp literally got like 400k votes back in 1988 for mayor?
 Do you like Nintendo? I do like Nintendo. Do you?
 Hello! I just got done reading about Stephen Colbert's explanation of God and information about Star Trek, did you read the same articles as me? Yeah, I have those articles. I think it's interesting that before 1963, students in the US read the Bible as part of the primary education.
 Are you familiar with Stephen Colbert? just a little bit of the article i just read.  How does he start out with an explanation to god with broccoli?
 Are you religious, do you read the bible? I am but I do not read the bible. Are you? do you read the bible?
 Hey how are you, what'd you think of Colbert's explanation of God? Everyone has to be so politically correct these days!! He's on TV so they monitor everything these days!!  He should be honest as say how he feels, so we all would know the truth, instead of what they have told him to say!!
 How's it going, do you like soundtracks, they are released with movies, books, and tv shows I like some soundtracks but only whe they are catchy songs. Alicia Keys was on the Men in Black soundtrack and wrote her own song for it, at age 16
 Do you like Steven Spielberg?  Did you know he played the clarinet on the soundtrack for Jaws? That's pretty neat! I didn't know that. 
 Hello! How are you today? Hi, I'm fine. What do you know about Parliamentary governments?
 hello,  do you like movie soundtracks?  I recently learned that steven spielberg played the clarinet in the jaws soundtracks.  Thats pretty amazing.  Yes I enjoy soundtracks very much. One of the first I heard was the one from the movie Legend with Tom Cruise.
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? I breed chickens. Just kidding. I enjoy movies, radio, and music. A good movie soundtrack really hits the spot!  What about you?
 Hi there! Hello. Have you ever heard of Reddit?
 Did you know that Facebook and Twitter work together on some issues?  They are actually competitors. No, I didn't know that. What kind of issues do they work together on?
 Oh man I am low on dragon energy.  You? Here too.  Maybe we should both eat a few big macs!!
 Do you use facebook? Yea but I don't like how facebook is being used for surveillance like with the company that would look at babysitters' facebook profiles
 Do you like horses?  I do like horses. Did you know that horses are ticklish?
 do you know much about the government? Yes I do. DO you know what wikileaks is?
 Hey how is it going, do you have a facebook account? I do, although I use instagram more. What about you?
 do you know much about the government? I know that the word censorship is censored in CHina
 Hi! You don't by any chance still use Myspace, do you? no, but I use FAcebook, and you?
 Did you hear about Kanye and Trump having a meeting? yeah, think that was while back when trump had kanye to the white house
 Have you heard the Eminem/MGK diss tracks?  No, but I have heard of NoClue, the fastest English rapper.
 Hello.  Have you ever read any Dr. Seuss books?  One of my favorites is How the Grinch Stole Christmas. I like Green eggs and ham.
 Hello! How are you today? Hi! I'm good, thanks.Just listening to some music on Spotify. You?
 Good afternoon! Good afternoon to you!
 Hi friend! What do you enjoy doing with your free time these days? I am usually resting, working out or on the internet! and you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, what hobbies do you enjoy?
 hi, do you know Dr. Seuss? Oh yeah, loved his books as a kid.  Seems we have many Loraxes and Once-lers these days.
 Hey there, do you vote during elections? Yes, I always vote. How about you?
 Hi! It's so insane that women couldn't vote just a short time ago. I remember my grandma telling me about that.  It is strange to think about. I think it is irresponsible not to vote in this day and age. It is a hard fought right and we should take advantage fo that. 
 It appears that our country is in a lull when it comes to being willing to vote.  I know. I think Ms. McDonald may take it really seriously but I can unserstand why. A lot of woman worked really hard for the right to vote.
 How do you like Nickelodeon?  They did get political though but celebrated and honored those participating in the March for Our Lives to address gun control and stop mass shootings. Nickelodeon ? That channel for kids ? I mean we watched it only when my kids were really young... not anymore... who else do You think watches that... ?
 It is crazy how far youtube has come in such a short amount of time.  I totally agree with you on that.  I mean It was just created in 2005 and look at it now!
 Have you seen the tv show Stranger Things?  It is quite the interesting horrow show I havnt. Is it any good.
 Hi there! How are you today? I've been watching TV. Hey oh nice me too! What are your thoughts on politics in Hollywood? I think it is ridiculous! Event the kids choice awards are getting involved!
 Do you like hockey? A little! I watch NHL games sometimes. Did you know that the USA olympic women's hockey team lost to a HS team?
 Are you much of a hockey fan? Not really. Just never got into ito it to much. How about you.
 Hello Hello.  Do you know that there are many types of hockey?
 I can't believe the Golden Knights almost won the Stanley cup on their inaugural season.  That's awesome! Were they the one who had the player who was traded for $1?
 Hello, do you like comedy? Sure! Like Bill Murray, I think Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy. You?
 Hi, Do you remember Dennis Rodman from the Bulls?  He visited Singapore for the Summit between Trump and Kim. Hello,  Yes I remember him,  he had different colored hair all the time!  Awesome.  
 I wonder how much of a voice we should give to a celebrity when it comes to foreign policy In my opinion, for the most cases none.  Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un for example is pretty crazy.
 How's it going? Did you know that the term "summit" wasn't used until 1955? Hi, yourself.  No I didn't know that.  I know a summit is a big deal international meeting with lots of heads of state or governments.  Usually you hear about the G20 summit.
 So, it's pretty interesting that Dennis Rodman hasn't commented on that latest Trump/Kim Jong Un Summit.  Yeah he might be feeling jealous or hurt that he was not invited.
 Hi do you like star wars? I love it. Have you seen the FOrce Awakens one?
 I am a big fan of Star Wars - ever since I saw the first one in 1977 I am as well! Star Wars has been a huge success! 
 do you like Star Wars? I do Did you know 20th century fox did now think it would be popular?
 Are you a fan of the NBA? Somewhat.  I dont follow too closely though.  You?
 Hello,  have you watched iron Man? I have! It was great!
 Hello, Do you like basketball? Hello there, I do like basketball and my team has the best record in the league right now.  How about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am great, just enjoying my evening.
 Hey there, how are you doing?  Are you a hockey fan? Good, thanks. Not really .Though I do prefer ice hockey to field hockey. In most of the world when you say hockey they will understand you as talking about field hockey.
 Do you like hockey? I do like watching it!  Are you a fan?  I always look forward to watching the annual NHL winter classic where they play outdoors.
 Do you like hockey? I'd feel pretty defeated if I was the other goalie in the 1924 Olympics who let in 132 goals. Haha. I love hockey. It's the only sport where super dramatic things like that happens. Like in 1930, when a hockey goalie caught on fire because a puck hit a pack of matches in his pocket. Like, why did he have matches in his pockets anyway?
 Hello - do you like Physics? i find Physics interesting, but it was never my best subject in school. what about you?
 do you like physics? I sue do, it explains so much about us and you?
 I absolutely love to read. What about you? me too, I ant get enough of it! do you have a favorite author?
 I wish i knew more about physics! Ooh, please allow me to elucidate on the subject. Firstly, did you know Kim jong-un has a degree in physics? 
 Hello do you like william shakespere? i know a little about him. please tell me something about BIll S.
 Hello, what type of books do you like to read? I'm a big fan of science fiction, fantasy, and classics, but I'll read almost anything you put in front of me. Are you a fan of reading too?
 I recently read that some scientist theorize that universes evolve through natural selection (AKA survival of the fittest) like species on earth.  I wonder how that is possible considering universes do not have the same attributes as living creatures. Well the universe is made up of planets right. So the bigger planets suck the smaller ones in and consume them.
 I like Bill Murray but I can't agree that Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of modern comedy. Is Kung Fu Hustle a movie? If so, I've never seen it.
 Hello - how are you doing today? Hey not too bad yourself? Do you have any kids? It seems like March of the Penguins 2 would be a good movie to watch with them!
 Do you like watching movies? Yes. What type of movie you prefer ?
 Hi, how are you? Good, do you watch many comedy movies?
 hey did you know that Panda researches sometimes wear panda costumes to work? haha No.  I did not.
 Do you like wearing costumes? i dont usually like to wear costumes. You?
 Hi, how are you? Hello. I am doing good. How are you?
 hi, do you like costumes and uniforms? I do actaully, I wear them for halloween mostly, what about you?
 do you like colorful clothing? I do just like the pilgrims prefer most of the time
 Hi, how are you? Doing alright, did you know a google search requires more computing power that it took to send people to the moon?
 Good evening!  With the new year upon us it's time for resolutions and one of mine is to save money.  How about you? My new years resolution is too eat healthy.  Yeah,  saving money is like an all time goal I have.  Any good tips?
 Hi, I am astonished, I didn't know that there are stars so cold that we can touch them with our hands, incredible! That is crazy! I sure wish I could hold a cold star my hand right now haha. have you heard the theory that the universe is just a giant hologram?
 Hi. Do you like country music? Yes, I do like country music what about you?
 How do you feel about the conservative vs. liberal  press coverage? I think that it is unfairly biased towards the liberal side.  I know that the liberals think it is unfairly biased to the conservative side though.
 Hi, do you like music? Hey there I do like music. What kind of music do you like? The only kind I don't like is country LOL
 Hi would you like to chat? I can't think of anything better to do, can you tell me about animal, or poetry, or animals that read poetry?
 Have you seen "To All the Boys I've loved before?"  It's a hit over the summer on Netflix. NO I have not seen it, but it seems quite popular, it may have a trilogy. 
 Hey there! Are you interested in poetry at all? Not too much, but I know a bit, what about you?
 Do you like computers?  For the most part. I work in part with computers!
 Do you like to use computers? they are great tools I do like them!  I rely on them to make money!
 Hello - how are you doing this morning? I'm doing just swell! drinking my morning cup of coffee. how about you?
 Hi! Are you a Netflix user? I am a Netflix user, what about yourself?
 Hi there. Do you like romantic comedies? I do!  I like all movies actually. lol
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Can you believe that some jellyfish are immortal?
 Hello, do you like animals? Certain ones, mainly the cuter ones, lol!  :)  But yeah, I like animals, how about you?
 Hey there do you like to dance? I like to dance I'm just horrible at it haha Yes I love to dance.  did you know Bruce lee was a great dancer,  he won a cha cha championship
 Hello there, are you a big fan of animals? wow I never knew The black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and ten times its weigh. 
 Hey! How are you? Do you like animals? Yes, The study of non-humans is called zoology. Animals are multicellular.
 Hello! Did you hear about the cougar attack that killed the mountain biker? I heard it was all the way in Washington State!
 Did you know you can pet penguins at the Maryland Zoo? No I had no clue, I'd love to pet penguins at the Maryland  zoo
 Hi! Do you visit the library these days/ hi, I go sometimes, I like their collection of books dvds and audiobooks, you?
 Hello,  do you play any fantasy games?  It looks like people even draft fantasy spelling bees lol  I saw that! I play both fantasy football and basketball, so I found that pretty interesting. Did you know there is also fantasy congress? 
 Hi, how are you? Good. And you? Do you like to travel? Ever been to Japan?
 Hello, are you a fan of cricket? Hi, I would like to learn more!
 Do you use the library? Hi, how are you? I used to use the library a lot. Now I use the Internet. It's more convenient. How about you?
 Hi, do you have a dog? Either as a pet or in another role? I don't but I used to . We have two cats now. Did you know that dog and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing.
 Do you enjoy going to the library? Hello - I used to go to the library all the time when I was little, but I haven't been to one in a very long time. What about you? \
 Hello, do you know much about the earth? Not much, except that i live there...
 Are you a dog fan like Google? Personally, I like most animals, regardless of whether they are cats or dogs. I admit however that the history of man and dogs are a long and interesting one.
 I love animals. I especially love dogs. How do you feel about dogs? I'm a huge dog lover. I grew with them all my life. Funny though, since I've been on my own I've had a cat. I really want a dog too though.
 Hello!  Do you like dogs? I love dogs.  They are the easiest way to clean the floor. Truly a messy eaters best friend.
 Are you an avid reader of comic books? A little. I have read a few of the Marvel comics.
 Hi, how are you? Hey, I'm doing pretty well. How are you?
 Hi there! Hanging out today. Just got back from getting groceries. Love listening to music when I drive. Love hip-hop. It's hard to believe it has been around since the late 70's! Awesome, I love hip-hop too. Hip-hop music has a large vocabulary of any popular genre of music.
 Hi, do you love or hate comic books. I like them. I'm getting a bit tired of the comic book movies though.
 howdy there how are you doing today? has it been a good day for you? do you feel like a superhero? Yes, I do! lol How about you today? Are you a Batman fan?
 hey there, do you like batman? Hello, how are you? I do like Batman, all superheroes for that matter. What about you?
 Hello Hi 
 Hello, do you like cats? Yeah, i guess so. i feel about cats the way they seem to feel about me. YOu?
 do you like cars? I sure do. Do you like cats?
 Robert Oppenheimer sure changed  history and is a curious character of history He sure was a character. It would be interesting to read "American Prometheus".
 Hello. Do you like to read? Yes, I enjoy reading, Do you like to read too?
 Do you play any instruments? In fact I do! The violin. Funny story. My dad loved the 3 Stooges and had seen one of the stooges play violin and wanted me to play because of that!
 hi how are you? do you like the internet? Yeah, I use it almost every day.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well.  How are you today?
 Hi, how are you? I am doing okay. I hope you are well. Are you someone who owns a lot of shoes?
 hi, do you have a favorite kind of shoe? No, not particularly. I like wingtips. What about you?
 Hi, are you interested in or do you use computers? Yea, it's fascinating how computers are able to process arithemetic and logical operations automatically
 Hello did you know that 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed? I heard it but I'm skeptical.  That sounds far too high and what's the definition of "natural.
 Did you see Crazy Rich Asians? No I haven't.  I heard it was good.
 I have always loved reading. I think that reading has always been a gateway to knowledge for me. Yes and knowledge is power. I mostly listen to audio books now though. What about you?
 My favorite book is Starship troopers. Have you read that book?  Hmm, sounds familiar but I haven't. Is it sci-fi? I love to read and have done some writing myself, including sci-fi.
 Hey do you like to read? One of my favorite books is The Lion The Witch and The Wardrobe and the author of that book, CS Lewis, used to have "you laugh you lose" competitions with ready bad poetry. I do like to read, CS lewis is a great author although I like audio books better. 
 Hi there! Do you use Google search? All the time... Do you remember it going down for 5 minutes in 2013?  It took 40% of web traffic with it.  I probably thought is was on my end...
 Are you a fan of reading? Yes i am.  I like to read a lot of different types but in particular science fiction.  You?
 Have you ever been to a library?  I have been. Have you?
 Good morning, are you a fan of superheroes? I love superheroes, I am big fan of all the movies and shows. How about you?
 Have you ever seen the movie Justice League? Apparently it's arriving on Blu-ray in 4K resolution That is a great movie, that would be awesome in that resolution. I like superman! what do you think?
 Hi! Have you seen Justice League yet? If you have and didn't like it, don't bother buying it on 4k. Otherwise it's just two hours of "Oh what could have been ". DC and Warner Bros really missed a huge opportunity travel a mark on the world of superhero cinema! I havent, but it seems like a great movie, DC and Warner Bros make a great combination, 
 Do you like to read?  I enjoy Stephen King books.  My first question would be to definitely ask him what I should be reading.  He does admit that is the most frequent question he gets. Hi, I love to read. There is so much to read. Did you know about a guy who while imprisoned spent most of the time in the library?
 Do you like to read? I like to red my son bedtime stories, thats about as far as it goes.
 Hi!  Do you like to use the library? Hi there! I'm a big time reader, but I'm not so much a library guy anymore. How about yourself?
 What a tragedy that someone was murdered over a pair of shoes!  I cannot believe that regular people spend a lot of money on shoes.  
 Sup? I just read a single google search requires more computing power than the moon landing I thought the Google stuff was interesting. I'd like to see some reforms to reduce its monopoly power.
 lion king was the first disney film to be dubbed in zulu The Lion King was a movie about Africa! That's great that they put it in an African language. 
 I would think its hard to learn soccer on a desert field You know I think that would be pretty difficult too! Good thing they were able to go to Maryland and advance their skills. Are there any resources in your community for refugee children?
 Have you used spotify? I tried it out once, but didn't stick with it. I liked that it's basic features were free. I couldn't find songs I liked though
 Hi, do you watch association football? I do not watch association football, and until reading this article did not know that this was an alternate term for what we call "soccer".  
 Hi. Do you enjoy movie trivia? I am a big fan of Disney movies which is one of the "Big Six" film studios in Hollywood. Yes I enjoy movies trivia, I always watch Disney movies especially cartoons.
 Some people feel the holiday season begins right after Halloween.  Some though say December 1.  When do you think? i am from the school of thought that it begins around thanksgiving. what about you?
 Hi! So, I was not aware that the movie "Frozen" was the first Disney film to have a female director! That is actually pretty cool info. I have never watched it, myself, but now I might have to get around to doing that. :-) That was news to me too! I was also shocked to hear that they renamed Frozen and Tangled to avoid "feminine" titles. How stupid is that?
 Do you have a favorite album? Hmmm....good question.  That's tough.  I would have to say it would be the first album I ever got when I was a kid...simply because it was my first one.  It was a Partridge Family Christmas album.  lol  Do you know what the best selling album of the 21st century is?
 Hey there what do you think about Disney movies? I really love the Lion King myself Hi, I love Disney too! I've watched just about every movie that they've made. Did you know they're making the Lion King into a live action film this year?
 Hello - Do you like Drake the musician? Hello. Not really to be honest.
 How's it going, do you like Star Wars? George Lucas did a great job creating it I love star wars. Do you like it?
 So, when do you think Christmas begins? I think the season starts the day after Halloween 
 I think the special camp is really valuable, it helps a lot of kids Yeah, it is a great opportunity for refugee kids to learn a great sport!
 Hello there, what are your thoughts on basketball? I like the sport a lot. I just can't believe that there are only five players at a time on each side. It always seems like more.
 hi It's sad that our world is coming to this, teenagers killing each other over $250 sneakers!
 Hi there are you a big basketball fan? Not really, do you watch basketball much?
 Hi there.  You feel like being a little scientific today? Yes I am. Did you know Pluto isn't a planet? I thought NASA had reversed that decision a few years ago.
 Do you use or watch Youtube? Yes, i watch youtube all the time. do you watch youtube?
 Did you know youtube is the second largest search engine on the net? No, I didn't know that, but I suppose it makes sense now that I think about it. What kind of YouTube videos do you like?
 Do you follow Kylie Jenner? No, I don't. Who is that? What does she do?
 CLimate change is getting dangerous. The Carbon dioxide keeps getting higher each month  We really need to start acting on this. The carbon dioxide has exceeded 410 ppm this is unacceptable.
 Hello, do you watch Youtube? Yea, I've been watching youtube since it was created in 2005
 hi how are you? what do you think of this planet of ours? well what can I say, humans destroyed 80% of the earth's natural forests. 
 Hi, how are you? Hello. What do you think about scientists?
 Hello hows it going?  Do you like reading? Hello, I am good thank you.  I do enjoy reading, how about you?
 Hi , do you like to read? Hi there I do like to read. What about you? But I guess I only like audiobooks haha don't actually read the physical book
 do you like reading? I do. Did you ever read Starship Troopers?
 I really like to read. Do you enjoy reading? Reading is fun, and fundamental! How are you today? Have you read anything?
 Do you know much about book banning in schools? I know a little. I know banning those two books would cost me two of my favorite books.
 Good morning! I'm going to the library today. Do you like to go to the library? I adore libraries. It was my very first job in high school. There is nothing like the collection of knowledge in a library. 
 Good morning!  It's cold here and might be the perfect day to curl up in a blanket and read. Hello there! Yeah we got a ton of snow here last night. 
 Hello - did you know a man was falsely imprisoned for 10 years and spent most of his time at the library to prove his innocence?  I was not aware of that! That is interesting! Much cheaper than having to buy a lawyer! I do know there are more libraries than there are McDonald's in the US and that's a huge plus considering libraries are much more beneficial to us than Mickey D's!
 Hi, how are you? Hi! Doing great, you like listening to music?
 Are you a fan of Netflix? I am a fan. It's hard to believe that it was founded back in 1997.
 Do you like to watch movies? I do like to watch movies.  They are generally well crafted escapist entertainment. I might be a super hero as well.
 I am a big fan of the Marvel comics! The Avengers is really great. ya I agree, did you hear that due to the avengers there was an increase in shawarma sales haha!
 hi how are you? do you use netflix? I do, what about you? 
 Hello. Do you know a lot about Marvel? Yes I think so. I love the movie infinity War. It was the first film ever to be shot entirely with digital IMAX cameras.
 Have you ever seen the movie Cloverfield?  I have seen the movie Cloverfield which one is your favorite?
 Hi, how are you today? hey I'm good what do you know about basketball?
 Parenting can be really hard, it requires a lot of hard work and patience. Hi, how are you? I wouldn't want to be a solo parent. It sounds like a tough job to balance career and child-care.
 Do you spend much time reading? Yes I love to reading,  although lately ive been doing audio books because I have been busy. How about you?
 did you know that Spider-man has a hyphen in the name so that he wouldn't be confused with Superman by people that were reading quickly I didn't know that, crazy!
 Hi there! Are you a fan of Netflix? Not so much. I understand it has 137 million subscribers worldwide.
 Do you like to dance Yes, I do you. Do you?
 Hi do you shop online? Most of the time now, my favorite shop is amazon, and you?
 Hello, do you like the Avengers? My son likes it more than I do.  I like movies produced by Marvel Studios.
 Hey how are you? Do you like shopping on Amazon? I do.  I find that it has a lot of what I need and a lot of variety as well
 Hai,Have you purchased on the amazon? I have purchased on the amazon. Have you?
 Hello - how are you today? Hi, well. How are you doing? Are you a robot? 
 do you like horror films? I guess Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie, I never would have guessed that! Hello there, really? I wonder why he would have ever said that.  
 Good day. Do you like netflix? I used to, no longer have a subscription. 
 hi there, do you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you know who Reggie Miller is?
 Hey there are you a spiderman fan? Or should I say spider-man...Stan Lee used the hyphen so people wouldn't confuse him with superman! Spider man is a fictional super-hero created by Stan lee.  He has appeared in comic books.
 Hi! Do you enjoy reading? I've been wanting to read Starship Troopers since it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! It must be great! I love reading. I read starship troopers a long time ago. saw the movie too. Heinlein was in the military. the navy, i think.
 How's it going, have you ever played with Legos? I never knew the company that owns them is from Denmark Yes, The cool thing is that Legos are too much fun. Lego pieces can be assembled and connected in many ways to construct objects including vehicles, buildings, and working robots.
 Memes like the cursed sarcophagus are really odd. What makes you say that?
 Hello there. How great is the planet we live on? It was formed 4.5 billion years ago. Good morning!  It is great I agree.  I think it's amazing that over 70% of it is covered in water.
 hi how are you? are you good over there today on the other side of the internet? things are pretty good here. Its pretty good.  Did you watch the Oscars the other night?  That is always a fun show
 Hi! Are you a fan of Jordan Peele? I'm so glad he won an Oscar for Get Out. Thankfully he finished writing it after stopping 20 times! Somewhat, Its good he didn't give up.  Glad he won the Oscar too! I'm not surprised Walt Disney holds the record for the most Oscars.
 Hi there, do you watch the Academy Awards? Occasionally.  I am not a fan of the political commentary, but I enjoy seeing the actors recognized for fine performances.
 lets talk about earth. Its sad that More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed Yes it could have happened during the  4.5 billion years of existing.
 Hi! Are you into politics? Did you follow the interesting Senate race in Texas this year? I've heard a litte, O'Rourke really gave Cruz a run for his money
 Have you heard about some politicians who actually get along???? I don't hear about it often! How about you?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hello, looking forward to it as well.
 hi how are you? Do you listen to albums these days? Hi, I'm good. Yes I listen to albums. Are you familiar with the Moody Blues?
 Do you have a favorite celebrity? Do Youtube personalities that are famous count as a celebrity? If they do, I really like a dude named Michael Jones.
 Do you know anything about  About what?
 Hello, do you like music albums? I do. Did you know that Bob Marley has been on the album chart for over 914 weeks?
 Hi there what do you think about the Republican party? It's definitely had a long history It certainly has, although I would say I align myself more politically a little blue.
 Hello - how are you today? Im great, did you watch the Black Panther movie?
 Have you watched the movie Black Panther? No, I haven't seen it. Have you seen it? Is it a good film?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I am doing well thank you. How about you?
 Do you like to read?  I would love to be able to read! Unfortunately, I am illiterate. I cannot read a word. What about you? Do you like to read?
 Did you watch the movie Black Panther? Yes I saw, it was an OK movie. I don't remember the soundtrack even if there are famous artists on it.  
 do you like comic books? I do . Do you know how Stan Lee ended his calls
 Hello! Hi, how are you doing tonight?
 Hello, how are you? hello! I'm good! How are you? Do you like comics?
 Hi, do you go to the library often? Funny i'm in one right now. lol!
 The soundtrack of a movie is a really big deal! Yea, on the Jaws soundtrack Spielberg played the clarinet
 Hello! Have you been to a library recently? I have not, but I do walk by one everyday.  What about you?
 hey there do you have Netflix by chance? Hello - how are you? I do have Netflix, what about you?
 Hi do you watch netflix? I sure do. It is the most popular one right now it seems
 Hello,  do u watch Netflix? Hi, yes I do watch Netflix. Do you?
 Hello,  have you watched black panther? i have not seen it yet, but i hear good things about it. you?
 hey did you know the richest superhero is black panther? I did not. I found the article on Paul Rand humourous!
 Hello! How are you tonight? Hi there, I am well thank you.  Are you interested in astronomy?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good. Do you remember listening to albums?
 Did you hear that a Super Earth may have been discovered?  Hi! Yes, I heard! It's mind blowing and extremely excited. I heard its unlike anything in our solar system!
 Have you heard about the Super Earth? Is that evidence of an alien world?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music? I love music. I'm a professional guitarist. Though I'm nowhere close to being Brian May! Did you know he's also a physicist??
 did you know Van Halen set speakers on fire with his playing! That is so metal I had never heard that!  There are some crazy rockers out there - Queen's guitarist has a phd in astrophysics
 Have you heard of Eddie Perfect? Isn't he a composer?
 Hey there. Do You like the comedy genre? The origins of comedy are actually found in ancient Greece. I do, comedy is one of my favorite genres, its so cool and  makes e feel poisitive
 YouTube is an American video sharing website created the service in February 2005. Yes, youtube is also more interesting than a republican party reptile.
 I recently heard that there are three subway lines used exclusively for members of Congress to move between the Capitol building and their House or Senate office. Crazy! Yes. They get many perks
 Hi!  Do you frequently watch YouTube i do! every night before bed. How about you?
 How are you today? I've really felt like the U.S. hasn't done enough to start reworking gun policy.  I really feel that policy's don't need to be changed to much. GOP Rep. David Jolly doesn't seem to agree though.
 Do you invest in the stock market?  I do, Lets talk about Snakes , in New Zealand they do not have any snakes at all
 Do you believe in evolution?  Yeah, I do.  There's certain aspects of it I can't really explain, but the basic principals I think are sound.
 Hello. How are you today. Hi!  pretty well.  how about you?
 Hello. Have you ever seen the movie Smallfoot? Apparently it's an animated fantasy about a Sasquatch type of character. Awe, I have watched it a bunch of times with my kids. Its really cute and has Tatum Channing as a voice actor. When it's adult time I like to watch basketball though. I like King James.
 Migo is a funny yeti, fun movie by Warner Bros Pictures I missed that movie.  I need to see if I can catch it. It sounds awesome!
 Channing Tatum was in Smallfoot. I've not seen this movie, have you?
 hi do you like dogs? I love dogs . THey have 12 blood types?
 Hi, do you like baseball? Hi! I love baseball as well as kickball aka soccer-ball as they call it in Canada. Ha! What about you?
 Hello! Are you into baseball? Yes, I love baseball and you?
 Hi. Have you heard about paleo or gluten-free diets? I have.  I have done a paleo diet a few times.  How about you?
 What do you think of the Paleo diet for kids? Hello! I think there should be some restrictions but not low carb if it's a good carb, Gluten free is good though I think.
 Good morning. Do you like Lord of the rings? I think J.R.R. Tolkien was a brilliant English writer. Actually, I do not. I don't even like the movies. I do think there is a fan among astronomers, though. As the moon, Titan's mountains are named after Middle Earth.
 Good morning! Do you ever shop on Amazon? Yes, I love it!  It was founded by Jeff Bezos on July 5, 1994
 hello Hello
 Are you familiar with El Chapo?.  Oh, sure. I heard his daughters got thrown a Barbie party. I wonder if his kids know what he does for a living.
 What do you think about El Chapo? I honestly think he's a snitch when a person goes to court they have to agree on their legal defense's strategy. HE chose to point out he wasnt the true leader of the group instead he pointed at a man who is 70 years old an has never been caught before names Ismael mayo zambada.
 Hi! Don't youjust love the government? LOL hi how are you? "love" um that is not the word i would use. the govt tests my patience. LOL
 There is a cabaret that wants to ensure that Elvis' songs and music are taken seriously. I was never a big Elvis fan but my Uncle was.
 Do you take Elvis' music seriously? I do. He has some great music and was a great entertainer.
 Hi do you have an interest in planets? Hello, I love space and planets. Did you know that a moon of JUpiter's could be a planet if it rotated around the sun?
 It's interesting how sometimes Americans joke about moving to Canada due to our politics, yet sometimes Canada's politics make just as much sense as ours Canada has many politics, but probably not as many as the US. The US has too many politics. What is climate change anyhow?
 hi how are you over there?  I am enjoying my location on planet earth. You?
 The dog is domestic animals which is long associated with human. Which is helpful in many way to safeguard their place and cattles. Good morning.  How true.  Do you own a dog?
 Hi! Do you like animals? I especially like dogs because they can donate blood at dog blood drives! I haven't tried yet though. I just learned that! They have 12 different blood types, which I think is more than humans, but I'm not sure.
 hi, do you use the computer much? I always use my computer, maybe too much. 
 Do you like baseball? I love baseball!  I also like baseball cards.  Do you?
 hey there, are you a fan of technology? I do.  I love technology.  I would love to work for google.
 Are you a fan of baseball by any chance? Yes I watch baseball from time to time. It's interesting how both teams take turns batting and Fielding
 Do you use google or bing? i use google most of the time and very rarely use bing.  Do you use them?  Hey, did you know google was founded back in 1998?
 Do you like baseball? Hello!  I love baseball!
 Do you have a Facebook account? I do have an account but I do not use it too much anymore. How about you?
 Are you a facebook user? I am, Are you?
 Do you follow tennis much, or have a interest in the game? Hello there, I don't follow too much but think it is a very exciting sport.  How about you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well, you?
 Hi, ya. I guess a knee injury forced Rafael Nadal out of the U.S. Open semi finals.  Yeah.  that is really sad.  He is such a talented player.
 Hi how are you doing?  Did you know When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment No. I can believe it, though. Chickens can be entertaining. I prefer watching Wimbledon, though.
 I never have seen a baseball manager take the field and play a position.  I have never seen one either but it seems like its totally legal, ive always wondered why they wore the jersey as well.
 Hello, are you a music fan? I am. I adore Linkin Park, and attended one of the 2001 concerts. I am. Did you enjoy their concert?
 Five new comic books does not sound like a lot.  I wonder what he will be paid? That doesn't sound like a ton but it seems like there are a lot of new characters so maybe it will be a really cool read. 
 Good morning. How are you? I'm doing well, how are you today?
 hello. Hello, do you like attending concerts?
 Are you familiar with DC Comics? One of their artists recently died. I see that. The artist for Batman.
 Hi, are you a Comic Book Fan? I like batman and superman.  I heard that Breyfogle died.  He was only 58.
 Hi are you a fan of DC comics? Good Morning....well, a bit. I'm 61 year old now and haven't read a comic book since I was around 12. LOL...is Batman still around?
 Hi, how are you doing this fine evening? I'm good ,thanks. How are you?
 How's it going, do you like DC Comics Batman? Yeah I love Batman. The dark Knight. 
 Hey how are you, do you know what The Signal is by the way? I've never heard of it. Hey there! Yeah its a new Bat signal that works during the daylight hours!
 Hi, how are you tonight? Do you like the piano? Hi! I do actually! I even loved the steam pianos that once existed and were audible for miles. How about you?
 hi, do you like batman? Yea I enjoy Batman a lot although I haven't read much of the DC comics he's in
 Do you like Batman? Yeah. Batman is awesome.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well, yourself?
 Pluto has dunes did you know that? Yes! And gravity 1/16 as strong as Earth's.
 Hey there, I like reading about astronomy, science and the planets. How about you? Not so much astronomy but I love science in general.  Did you know that Pluto is about 4 billion miles from the sun?
 Hello! How are you today? Great!! and you? Are you into the Solar System? I am watching Nasa live!! got 46 minutes for the rocket to go up!! So exciting, getting dark.
 I am fascinated by space. How about yourself? I am!  I am listening to a podcast on it now!  Its called The end of the world as you know it.  
 hey there, do you follow celebrities? Not very much, do you?
 Hi, how are you? Pretty good!  Did you see any super bowl commercials?
 You watch the super bowl this year? I love the commercials! I didn't get to see them! I saw one commercial on TV for Pepsi though. It was fun!
 Do you use Google a lot? It is the top search engine after all
 I find space to be fascinating. How about you? I do too! Can you believe the sunset on mars is blue?
 Are you a fan of Game of Thrones? It's won a ton of awards. No, not really. Isn't it helping Netflix become the #1 streaming service over HBO?
 how's it going? Are you a big Netflix fan? It's been around since 1997, I didn't know it was around that long Yes, I am, do you like Netflix? I love it, have you seen Game of thrones?
 You watch the Emmys at all? Game of Thrones cleans up. Such a good show. I keep up with the Emmys, Game Of Thrones 22 nominations is really impressive
 Do you have netflix? Yes, I do. I like Netflix, they always have something on that I never saw before.  I just recently found out that Netflix started way back in 1997. That was news to me.
 Hi, how are you? have you had trouble with the servers today? Also: do you like albums? I'm doing great. How about you? I do like albums a lot. How about you, do you like albums?
 I enjoy a lot of music. How about yourself? I love music. I think there is something about music that just speaks to the soul of a person. 
 if you want to see barack obama, you can apparently just zoom into the white house picture on google maps I think that's kinda cool. He also has an official sign in American Sign Language.
 I always enjoy reading about people's idea of a dream day. Sometimes it gives me ideas of things to do. That is an interesting article, so many things to do at the D.C area
 hi how are you? do you go to concerts much? I have been to a few concerts in the past but it has been a very long time.
 Hey there do you like listening to concerts? I really like Pink Floyd myself. I've seen them a couple times I do, I love concerts Pink Floyd is a great artist, he recorded a live concert once without audience
 hi how are you? do you go to concerts? I occasionally go, although I normally do not have time. What about you?
 Have you seen the original deadpool?  Yes, but it was a while back.  Some premium dark humor. I hear Deadpool 2 is good but more of the same...
 Have you seen Deadpool 2? I saw the first one but had too many distractions going on to enjoy it. I liked what I saw because it was sort of funny. I loved Deadpool 2, Lady luck was my favorite in it, and of course the Juggernaut!
 Did you watch Deadpool 2? I watched part of it.  It seemed like the first one. Reynolds felt like he was destined for the role since 2004.  He fits...
 Good evening! I just got in from seeing Deadpool 2, based on the Marvel character Deadpool. Have you seen it yet? hi how are you? I have not seen DP 2. I saw the first one and liked it.
 hey do you like comic books? I guess Stan Lee who created a lot of comic book characters always uses the word Excelsior! Sure. Did you know that Marvel published a generic comic book in order to trademark the names super-hero and super-villain
 Have you read any romance novels before? No I have not.  Do people really read those?
 Do you read Romance novels? i dont. i do like to read. do you like romance novels?
 Hello, have you ever worked in a book store?  Actually, I did for a brief period. We didn't have many romance novels though.
 Good morning, are you a big reader? I am!  I love reading!  
 did you know that the seahorse is the only fish that is known to also have a neck? Yes I did, but only because I came upon that fact randomly in my reading. Interesting in it's a way.
 Do you follow the NHL? I loosely follow the NHL
 Good morning, do you like shirts? A shirt is just functionary for me, I don't really have an opinion about them.
 Hey, anyone out there? Anyone under the sun? we all are since its 109 times earth size
 lets talk about hockey, Canada had a great winter Olympic season in 1924 scoring 132 goals total  Are we talking the ice form or the field form?
 Hi! Do you like the horror genre? It is meant to elicit fear! I love horror films, they are my favorites what about you?
 Hello, did you enjoy the iron man films. My son loves them. I loved all of them!  
 Hi, how are you? I'm just relaxing and playing my guitar. It has six strings and I'm using a guitar pick.
 Hi,  Do you like learning about alternative energy?  Did you know that more than 80 % of the earth's natural forests have been destroyed?  That is sad. It is interesting. That's very sad! There will be virtually no helium left by the end of the century. 
 Do you watch Star Wars? I love Star Wars! It's my favorite movie series.
 I think that Hoth can be a ice world. That would be cool. And Tatooine a desert, sounds like they are perfect opposites!
 Hi, how are you? Good, just happy to be living on planet Earth and not on part of the 71% that is covered with water.
 Hi do you travel much? quite a bit, have you ever been to Japan?
 Hello there, do you travel much for work or for fun? I do travel for fun at times. How about yourself. Do you travel at all?
 Do you like to travel? Yes, I like to travel.  I find it exciting to explore new places.  What about you?
 Hello! Do you enjoy mountain biking? Would you ever consider riding under power lines?  At times, your near power lines.  It is unavoidable in modern life.  I would not stay under them for a long time. A bike trail under them would not appeal to me.
 What do you enjoy watching? I like hospital shows or drama type shows.  Did you know that there is a website where  you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas.  That might be interesting.  I would love to hear "The War of the Worlds"
 What do you enjoy watching? I really love musicals. I am a huge fan of Mama Mia!! I love the music from ABBA sprinkled though it. How about you? Do you have any favorites?
 Hello! Do you like the watch Shark Week? I love Shark week!  
 How's it going? Do you think sharks are interesting? I never knew they were related to rays I have never met a shark that I didn't like. Personable, good at parties... Oh wait, that's dogs. Sorry. Don'T know much about sharks.
 Apparently Calvin Klein had a big presentation of his latest fashions. Really, I imagine he has a lot of those.
 do you like sharks? Yes I do. DId you know that they do not have rib cages?
 Do you watch a lot of dramas? Sometimes I do.  I used to watch the show House.  It was good. I learned recently that Hugh Laurie made the most money ever for a tv drama actor. He got $700,000 per episode.
 Did you read about the 6 foot 10 inch tall tennis player? No I didn't.  Where's he from?
 Hello, do you like tennis? Hi! Yes, I played when I was a kid but don't play anymore, do you?
 Hi, are you a tennis fan? hello.
 Hi , do you watch tennis? Can't really say that I do. DOn't know the sport well. You?
 Hey there do you have any questions or thoughts about the sun haha? Hi, how are you doing this fine evening? I have a query for you too. Which is your favorite place: the sun, the moon, or the earth? Each has its charms and attractions. 
 Hello! Did you know the highest point on the moon is 1938 meters higher than Mt Everest!  Hello!  No I didn't know that.  For some reason I think of the moon flat with craters but i guess if the crater is deep enough then there would be high points.  It seems so odd to think of something smaller than our planet having something bigger though doesn't it?
 hi how are you? what do you think of our solar system? I think it is amazing. the pictures you see of space are so beautiful.
 Have you heard that Jupiter's moon Europa might have jagged ice spikes? Pretty neat! Yeah, I guess now we know why the monolith said attempt no landing there.
 Hello, How are you? Do you like google? Hello, I am good. How are you? I do like google.  I use it so much every day that it is hard to believe it's been around since 1998. It seems like it's always been around.
 Hi, how are you? Well, thank you. Do you like Michael Jackson or Elvis?
 How's it going? Do you like Drama? It has been around since 335 BC oh I definitely do, it was started By Aristotle way back then, what about you?
 Do you like watching horror films? Actually, no, though some say watching them helps burn calories. Some kind of fear factor?
 Hi, do you have any hobbies? I do, I like to learn as much as I can about the earth in my free time, what about you?
 hi how are you? do you like this planet of ours, our Earth? Love it most of the time. What's not to love, it's 4 times more dense than the sun!
 hello do you like rock music? Yes, I love rock music. Have you seen the movie "Destroy All Monsters"? It's about rock stars.
 Do you follow the Republican party? A little bit, I dont particularly align myself with them though.  I know the colors red and blue to represent parties didnt happen until 2000
 hi do you know much about politics? Some stuff. did you know Hillary clinton was the leader of young republicans in college?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good.  Do you like Rock music?
 Do you like going to the movies? Yes crazy rich asians was good
 How are you, do you listen to rock music? Did you know the biggest rock star in russian history Viktor Tsoi kept his job in the boiler room of his apartment after hitting it big? He kept his job?  That was amazing.
 Hello, How are you? Do you use Google? Yes, all the time..Recently one of his founders Larry Page by Sundar Pichai
 hey there, are you a fan of tv shows? I don't watch TV much. I like listening to music better than watching TV.
 Hey. Was it just me, or did you find the date story painfully boring? I liked it somewhat.  I found the story about date lab and blind dates interesting.
 hello! Do you like poetry? i have to be honest with you; i really don't. how about you?
 What do you think of exploring Mars? I think it is awesome. Wonder if we will be able to fly to Mars soon. If we traveled at 1g acceleration it will only take two or three days.
 Hello, Do you listen to rap? I do like some rap, especially Drake. Do you listen to him?
 How you been? do you listen to rap. I listen from time to time and find it fascinating James Brown had a great influence on early rap Hello, how are you?  yes I do,  not all the time though. That is interesting.  what a great influence! Did you know The rapper drake graduated high school on october 2012 at the age of 25.  Thats a long time to be in high school. 
 How's it going do you like rap? It's precursor came from West African Griot tradition I do like the genre, not my favorite bit it has a nice beat, I'm guessing you do 
 Good morning how are you doing? Good, have you read anything good lately ?
 Hi are you a fan of video games? Hey there I do like video games. I especially like fortnite, have you ever played that game?
 Humans have come a long way, am I right? Oh yeah for sure. We became modern in terms of behavior 50,000 years ago!
 Do you follow Elon Musk?  He bet OpenAI could be a human pro gamer at a complex video game.  Hi, I don't follow Elon Musk, wow I think AI is pretty amazing!
 do you like video games? yes I do. Do you know what they use to be called
 do you play video games? Yes a lot. Do you know what they used to be called?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hello,  how are you doing? In 1972, pink floyd recorded a live concert at the ancient roman amphitheater in pompeii...with no audience.
 Hi how are you? Look at this? "Colorado girls may have been killed, their father's defense attorneys say, in motion." Isn't this crazy? Yes, it's a really sad story. I hope the suspect, if guilty, is punished.
 Hey, have you ever been to a concert? Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. I have, I didnt make it to their concerts but I really liked the band and 324 concerts in a year Woah!!
 Do you use Google's services a lot ?  I do! I use google as my main search engine and google mail. Do you?
 Hey there, I am really into music, art, poetry and concerts. The Kennedy Center is a place i've never been to yet. Hello. Interesting. Are we speed dating here? If so, my favorite band is the Foo Fighters, they play loud enough to show up on seismic monitors.
 Do you subscribe to Netflix?  As of Oct. 2018, they had 137M subscribers. I used to, but I haven't been with them for awhile.  Might if I ever get some extra money rolling in.  LOL.  But yeah, it's amazing how HUGE they are!
 Hello, do you like to go to a live concert? I do!  It has been a while for me though.  how about you?
 Hello!  do you like watching concerts? yes I do love concerts, I want to see the concert put on by 81 year old Philip glass
 Hello do you know any facts about netflix? I do like for a fact that the company has about 137 million of subscribers worldwide
 Hello, how are you? Do you watch Netflix? I'm doing great! I watch Netflix occasionally - just another one of the 137 million people that do. Do you?
 do you use Google? Yes a lot. Do you know how much computing power a single search requires?
 Hello,  do you like Netflix? I used to be a subscriber but not now.
 Hi, how are you this morning? Hello, I am good, thank you.
 Hi, do you enjoy music? Hi, yes I do although I have not been to a concert recently.  I have to say I never even saw the Ramones even though they toured almost non stop for over 20 years.
 Hi, how are you? Are you into music? I love several kinds of music.  I have been to concerts in big venue settings.  How about you?
 Do you follow the NBA? I do, actually! What about you? I love Golden State's new championship rings and how they have a bristly texture with a perfect circle at the top to match the Oracle Arena!
 Hi turker, do you like NBA, If yes, do you like the Golden State Warriors? I don't pay much attention to basketball. I've heard most of their players actually end up under financial stress after retirement
 Hi are you a fan of Justin Bieber or now any interesting things about him? I know nothing about him. well, he is canadian. what do you know?
 hello, first king to travel was kalakaua of hawaii, that's pretty interesting It is, he had a lot of oceans to cross.
 Hi there, are you into fashion at all? Not that much although I wonder what Miguel Cabarllo's bulletproof clothing looks like
 This 2005 photo shows a Natalee Holloway missing poster after she vanished on a class trip to Aruba.  That's very sad, and really makes you especially think about the importance of female empowerment by brands Yves Saint Laurent
 Hi, are you a dog person? Dogs are the only animals other then elephants that instinctively understand pointing. I am and that's pretty cool. I know there are 12 different blood types for dogs and that they can donate. 
 Did you know scientists think we have hiccups because evolved from land animals that had lungs as well as gills? Do you think that could be true? Possibbly
 Hi, do you like animals? Hi there, I sure do, I think nature is amazing. How about you?
 Did you know the pilgrims clothing was full of color? I thought they wore dull colors I didn't know that.  They always show them in black when you see paintings of them
 Did you know the pilgrims clothes were full of color.  Yea I hear that Pilgrims only wore black for special occasions like thanksgiving I guess
 Hi, how are you? Not bad. Are you a fan of superhero movies?
 As an ethnic Torajan in northern Indonesia, Berta Kondorura's transition to the hereafter was supposed to be an elaborate mixture of mourning and tradition-steeped celebration. Most of the nearly 500,000 en and pieces of ladder tumbled to the ground; some of the pallbearers scurried onto the tower.
 I love Animals. Isn't it amazing that there are more than 20 quintillion on this planet? I agree animals are super cool.  That is a huge number!  
 Have any fitness goals for the year? Yes I do, I am thinking of followting the recomndations and start out with light cardio three to four times in a week, what about you? any goals
 Do you like to read?  Yes, I like reading.  Have you read anything interesting lately?
 Hello, do you want to chat about guitars? I personally love guitars, I used to play back when I was in college.  My guitar was fretted and had six strings. I love guitars so great conversation topic, Im learning how to play them, cool sound
 HI there... I am learning to play golf and guitar. Do you play? No, I don't play either, but they are interesting. I just can not believe how much water golf courses use. 
 Have you ever read a book with "Lie" in the title? I dont think so. Have you?
 I didn't realize the large asteroids were ever classified as planets. I never saw them included in a list of planets before 2006. Had no idea. Makes me wonder if Pluto is still a planet
 Did you know that Lego's were invented in Denmark?  I loved to play with Legos as a kid. Hello there, no I didn't know that, I used to as well.  I remember when we bought this giant mix carboard tub full of legos for $20, I was the happiest ever. 
 do you like dogs? I love dogs. Did you know they have 12 blood types?
 Hey how are you? Think it's time we get rid of those pesky royal families? Yeah haha Do you like dogs?  I just found out they have 12 different blood types.
 Hi! Are you a dog lover? Yes, I really like dogs, though I don't own one. You?
 Hi, how are you tonight? Do you like animals? Good. Yes I do. I always had pets. I had a seahorse in my tank growing up. Did you know it is the only fish that has  a neck.
 How's it going, do you know there are over 1.5 million living animal species? No, I didn't know that. This includes fish?
 do you like animals? love them . do you know how many individual ones are out there?
 Good morning!  I heard something interesting the other day.  Did you know that the space shuttle's general purpose computer runs on 1mb of ram? Wow that's kind of scary lol. I did not know that. Do you like animals?
 I adore animals. Are you an animal lover? Good morning, yes I love animals and I am against any use of animals experiments. 
 Do you ever shop at Macy's? Hello, no we do not have one here.  You?
 What do you think about Drake? I don't know anything about him but I do have a few rap-like songs. 
 Hi! Are you a fan of the Canadian rapper Drake? I am and can't believe he graduated high school at 25. That is crazy! Good morning! How do you like rap? I am not really a fan so I don't know much about it.
 Did you know that Drake is Canadian? I did not know that.  All I knew is that he is a musician.
 Hello, do you like to go shopping? Yes. Best local dept. store is Macy's. Pricey sometimes, but great sales, too! You?
 Is a 1.4 % increase in sales anything to really be proud of? Yes, if you're talking about Macy's. I guess it depends on what 1.4% of what is.  It seems that Macy's department store wants to add some promotional gab about the consumer spending more on enhance quality of the merchandise.  Of course, it's big competitor is Amazon.
 Hello.  Do you watch youtube? I love youtube!
 Hi how are you this morning? Not too bad. And you?
 Do you know much about the white house? I know that Carter kept the temperature really low there during winter
 I had no idea a cat had ever been cloned. Hello, that was new information to me as well! 
 Hello! How are you? Great.  Do you like to go to concerts? Wow, Linkin Park played 324 concerts in the year 2001!
 What did you think of the Wonder Woman film in 2017? Do you think it lived up to the hype or was it a flop in your opinion? yes, lets talk about wonder women. It earned a lot of money, being the highest grossing superhero origin movie and WW1 movie
 hi how are you? do you like google? i use google for everything. did you know a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send astronauts to the moon
 Did you like the Wonder Woman movie? I really enjoyed it! It was awesome to finally see a female protagonist who was really killing it
 The White House is a place with a lot of history It is! Teddy Roosevelt banned christmas trees there
 Are you a big fan of attending music concerts? omg i love concerts , my favorite but for personal reasons was tears for fears
 Do you have a favorite superhero? Hey there yes I do, one superhero I don't like is Wonder Woman though, did you hear that they are filming the sequel to that movie right now in DC
 do you go to concerts? I sure do. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in a year?
 I love dogs. Do you like dogs? I do love dogs.  They are so funny.  Imagine a show on BBC about dogs for dogs, by dogs.  Who is a good boy?
 When is the last time you went to a concert? I saw Elton John on his current tour.  His voice is still amazing at 70 years old.
 Did you know that back in Caesar's day, people bred chickens for entertainment not for food? Really, thats kind of crazy.  I heard the NFL is categorized as entertainment, not sports
 Are you a fan of either Fall Out Boy, Pat Sajak, Sting or Shaggy? I ve always loved Pat Sajak on Wheel.  
 hey my friend do you like the Nintendo Entertainment System? Hello there, I am a huge fan, grew up playing, how about you?
 Seems like Washington has a great lineup of artists in plan Yeah who would have thought Sting and Shaggy would be hooked up together.
 Hi, what is your favorite form of entertainment ? Hello, I like to play video games such as nintendo what about you?
 Hi, do you like Adele? I know her music and could sing along to a song or two.
 Do you use Facebook? All the time, both as a business and a personal account.
 hi, do you like watching movies I love watching movies, especially good ones. 
 hey there, do you like horses? I love horses, but my son became allergic to horses just like Clint Eastwood, so we had to stop going near them.  
 Are you a fan of google?  I'm a fan of a lot of Google's stuff but I really dislike their Smart Compose feature on Gmail
 How's it going? Do you like horses? They evolved from a multi-toed creature 45-55 million years ago Hi! I love horses, had them on our farm growing up. Wow, that's amazing!
 Humans domesticated horses around 4000 BC What I find interesting is that only the Przewalksi horse is the only true wild horse today.  Other wild horses like those on Tangier Island in Virginia and out west are feral horses descended from domesticated horses.
 Hey there do you ever travel? I travel for work all the time I usually take the airplane Hello there, I don't as much as I would like to.  That must be very interesting as part of your job. 
 did you know that starship troopers is on the reading list of several military branches? I saw the movie, it is definitely not pro military haha I didnt know it was a book as well, I did watch the movie, thought it was pretty good makes sense the milatary has interest in study it though
 Hello Friend, do you like to do a lot of reading?  Reading is a complex cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning.  It is a form of language processing.  I do read some. What about you?
 I did not know Evangeline Lilly was The Wasp!  Oh, man. is she pretty. i need to watch that film. isnt she canadian?
 Hello there. Do you enjoy the comedy genre? I love it because the main emphasis is on humor and I like to laugh. I love comedies!
 I knew dalmatians were a traditional firehouse dog, but I never realized that it was because they calmed horses. They are great dogs and very pretty. Dogs were the first species to be domesticated.
 Do you like animals? I love them. I have dogs, but I also love horses. I love that my dogs can understand where I point. Evidently only dogs and elephants are the only animals that can understand a human's point.  I do. I love horses. Especially the Lipizzaner, it takes them 6 years to turn white.
 Hey how are you, you ever listen to audiobooks? hi how are you? i have in the past. sometimes they are quite entertaining.
 hi,do you like Marvel? Yes, I do like the films that are produced by Marvel, though embarrassingly, I get DC comics and Marvel comics confused. Do you enjoy it?
 Do you like to fish?  I love going to aquariums. Hey there!  I do like to fish and aquariums!  I live in Florida so I get to do a lot of fishing.
 Do you like pomegranate? I have not had a lot of pomegranate to know if I like it or not for sure. Do you?
 Hi.  do you like politics hi there. I am 50/50 on politics
 Hi, how are you? Hey! I'm doing well, how are you today?
 Do you like instruments? I love the Piano though i can not play it, lol. Hi! I like the piano and the guitar although I don't know how to play either haha well I can do mary had a little lamb on the piano but that's it!
 did you know that unfortunately eighty percent of earth's naturally occuring forests have been eliminated? I expect that the next decade or so will show some dramatic changes in the environment. The earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago, but we are changing it quickly ourselves.
 Hello , How are you doing. Hello there, I am well thank you.  Do you watch much basketball?
 Hello,how are you this evening? Do you like sports?  Im great, and yeah I do like to watch sports, basketball, hockey, soccer and even swimming, what about you?
 Hi, do you like swimming ? I like how good of an exercise it is, and it's fun for recreation
 Basketball is a great sport do you follow it? Hi! Yes I love basketball but I don't have a favorite team in particular, do you?
 Did you watch the Academy Awards this year? I did for a little bit how about you?
 Do you like music? I love music!  All styles pretty much!
 Do you like watching the Oscars? Yes,  how about u?
 Do you like horses?  Hi there, I do like horses, but haven't gone riding since I was a young kid.  How about you?
 Hi, do you like swimming? I do.  I love watching it in the Olympics!
 Do you watch the series Daredevil? Actually, I haven't, but I heard the main character is an unconventional superhero.
 Apparently Canada is the only country with 2 national sports. I wonder how they define what a national sport is. okay good.
 Hey! Did you know that there was a hockey player who was traded for $1.00 in 1993, and went on to win 4 Stanley Cups? Wow that's awesome! Such a surprise I bet haha. What is your favorite hockey team?
 Hi, how are you? Hello!  I'm doing great, how are you doing?
 Do you like basketball, swimming or hockey? I like all of them... I love swimming and basketball, but I've never been lucky enough to try hockey. Not enough ice where I live!
 Good morning! How are you? I am a sports fan, what about you? Yeah I especially like basketball. Whats your favorite?
 Do you like watching basketball? I do watch basketball on occasion. Which is your favorite team?
 Hi, how are you? Good. Looking forward to the Superbowl. I enjoy the game, but I'm a bit envious over the idea that the players earn so much money to play a game. If fact, in most states, the highest paid state employee is a football or bbal coach
 Hello, do you watch basketball? Hi, I don't watch basketball
 Do you listen to country music? I do! do you like Kacey Musgraves?
 Hi. Do you enjoy watching or playing sports? I'm not very athletic, but I love to watch. Yes, basketball is one of the sports I really like.
 do you watch the academy awards? I watch the last one as some great movies were nominated and you?
 Do you play basketball?  I did in middle school. I wasn't very tall so I moved on to football in HS.  Did you go out for track and field?
 Have you watched any of the Marvel shows on Netflix?  I really enjoy Daredevil. I love them, I heard they got cancelled, too bad because the 3rd season of Daredevil was the best so far.
 Hey there do you ever watch basketball? Apparently a normal goal is worth 2 points and then if you make a point from that 3 point line, that is worth three points I don't watch it much now, but I used to go to a lot of high school basketball games because my brother played. Considering how tall he is, I think he was a center
 Do you like basketball? I like basketball. I haven't actively played since I was 12 years old. I love watching basketball and I am looking forward to the Golden State Warriors game tonight. Do you like basketball?
 Hello - did you know Daniel Day Lewis is the only actor to win best actor at the Oscars 3 different times? Hi there, no I didn't know that, I wonder what 3 films he won for?
 Hey, do you like to play basketball? I do! Did you know the US Supreme Court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"? LOL.
 Ever heard of Kacey Musgrave?  She's been described as a "country music singer for people who don't listen to country music". I have heard of her, but I am not really a country music fan. I'm of the group that considers it bad music.
 Swimming is a very interesting sport. It's awesome that Sean Conway Jr. got so many all-American times in 2018. What about you? Swimming is a great sport. Not only do you get great exercise, but because you are in water, the stress on your body is lowered
 Are you a fan of sports? I am but i don't get to watch much anymore. How about you? 
 Do you watch Daredevil? I have seen it on Netflix, but haven't watched it, have you?
 Hi. How are you ? Do you like comic books ? i very much do and my favorite ones are Marvel Comics I am well, thanks! I have never really read comic books before but I learned recently that Marvel has been around since 1939 under the name Atlas Comics. I am more of a Netflix person myself haha.
 Are You a basketball fan ? No, not particularly though I have attended professional games and recall when Kareem's dunk shot was banned from college basketball.  I'm more into swimming.
 Hello, I recently found out that a seahorse is the only fish to have a neck. I never thought of that before, have you? I guess the other types don't need one. I don't think jellyfish even have bones, and there's one species that's believed to be immortal
 Do you play Call of Duty at all? Hello,  no I don't play call of duty.  I demoed the first one though.  How about you?
 hi, do you use facebook? I do but not as much as I used too. Do you?
 Are you a video gamer? yes, are you on facebook?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great. How are you doing tonight?
 I find today's celebrities to be sort of out of touch with reality. Do you agree? Oh yeah I can agree with that, with social media anyone can be a celebrity overnight basically as well. 
 Sure doesn't feel like spring here. It's dumping snow. Will Spring isn't suppose to officially start until the Vernal Equinox on March 20th but where I live it still cold then
 hey there, do you know much about the sun? hey, well I do know that the sun is actually white! it is only from our atmosphere that it appears yellow to us, what do you know about it?
 Hi how are you today? I'm well and you?  I am not feeling though it's spring though.
 Hello,  do you like animals? I like animals, did you know there's a lawyer in Switzerland who represents animals in court? how crazy is that
 Hi , do you know about celebrities? Some i do.  For example, I know that Judge Judy makes 123.000 per episode of her TV show.  Can you believe that?
 Do you like rap? Not really, I used to listen to Eminem though, did you know he wanted to be a comic book artist?
 Have you heard about the hs teacher in FL who had students help him drown raccoons in class? Yes.  That must have been traumatic for the kids and against the law too.
 Hi. Do you like trivia about the ocean? Did you know there is breed of jellyfish that is immortal? Actually I do, I read about that jellyfish, when it sense danger it regresses in age and becomes a child, grows until more danger, regresses, really crazy. How about hanako the koi who lived for 226 years. He outlived 4-5 generations of that family.
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Same here. I was not aware that Myspace passed on the opportunity to buy facebook. That was not a smart decision.
 hello,  do you use Facebook? I do have a FB account. I try to avoid it when I can. Maybe we should ban it. Facebook's like button is illegal in one German state.
 Hi, do you like to travel? Hi, I do. One of my favorite things to do. what about you?
 Hi, do you like to travel? Yea I love to travel when I can. I'd like to visit Japan but wouldn't want to spend $300 in tolls travelling the country
 hi how are you? do you like to travel? I love to travel! Going to Brazil in 2 months. How about you?
 Hey there what do you think about the United States Senate The Senate is the highest legislative body in the land. It provides employment to some of the richest people in the country.
 Can you imagine spending millions of dollars on suits? I can not imagine. I like nice clothes but dont think it should costme more than i make.
 hi, do you know much about the us senate? well I do know that Nixon cracked a 165 year old senate gavel haha, what about yoU?
 Are you a Star Wars fan? I enjoy a solid epic space opera franchise.
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Pretty good.  Can you believe that the Trump tariffs are adding some credibility to Star Wars?
 I love the Star Wars series - I remember seeing the first 3 as a child Yes I love those movies too. Do you really think that Star Wars Episode 1 was about President Trump though? That seems far-fetched
 did you know that linkin park did over 300 concerts in 2001? I did not. That's a shockingly high amount of concerts. Are you a fan of Lou Reed speaking of music?
 I don't understand why everyone is interested in Paul Manafort.  Do you? I guess people want to find out about all the money he sent to the Ukraine and he apparently has an interesting wardrobe consisting of pythons and other reptiles
 Hello, do you have a favorite piece of clothing? I love everything in color I think and you?
 Did you know that pilgrim clothing was actually full color, and they only wore black for special occasions? I did not know that. Please tell me more. I just read about Paul Manafort and his leather clothing. 
 Do you like to dance? Sometimes, although I'm no good. You?
 Dance is an art of selected sequences of human movement. How true! How are you doing this morning?
 Hi!  Do you follow politics? Hello. Yes I try to stay informed, how about you?
 Hello,  did you know that a man in france imperonated a gov official and sold the eiffel tower  twice! Yes, I've heard that one!  And speaking of governments, did you know that the US government publishes the full names of anybody who chooses to renounce their citizenship?
 Hello there, are you a fan of jazz music? Like some jazz. Find Coltrane a bit hard to listen to for long, but enjoyed the Alvin Ailey dance company's portrayal of his jazz in movement to be inspiring.
 How are you? Are you a big literature fan? The word literature is latin not really... never been a big fan of reading!  You ever been to a book club?
 Hello! Do you like dogs? Hello, to you as well.  Yes, I love dogs.  Do you?
 do you go to concerts? sometimes. Did you know Linkin Park has 324 concerts in 2001
 Hey there what's the best concert you've ever been to? Hello! I loved Linkin Prk, even though I haven't seen them since 2001.
 I wonder if that janitor's fantasy novel was any good. I'm not sure which novel you mean. I don't read a lot of fantasy, do you?
 Hello - how are you doing today? I am good. Are you more of a cat or dog person?
 hi, do you attend concerts? hi I do, I went to Lollapalooze last year, it was in Chicago, what about you?
 What do you think about the gun control laws that Maryland added. Hello there.  I think they are trying anything they can to stop all of the recent shootings.  How about yourself?
 That trial reveal interesting things, the connections between Russians and cybercriminals Yes it did, I don't know that much about it, but I feel uncomfortable with Russia.
 hey there, do you use the computer much? all the time. you?
 Do you like shopping at Target? i dont shop there often. it looks like a clean, upscale walmet.
 Hey there. Are you a fan of Target? Hi, yeah I like Target, how about you?
 hi, do you like music? hello,  yes I love music.  How about yourself?
 Hello - how are you doing today? I'm good!  Do you like reading?
 Hello  how are you?  Do you like reading?Starship troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading lists of three of the five us military branches I did not know that, I find that interesting. Oh and yes I love to read. How are you today?
 Hello Good morning! Guess how fast the fastest English rapper is!
 Good morning!  Do you listen to country music? Yes. Country music is also know as country and western music. It take root from genres from  Folk music.
 Hey there!  Wondering if you have a favorite music album.  Not sure if younger generations nowadays know what albums are.  Everyone just knows singles I guess rather than a group's collection of songs. I honestly dont have one, mostly because most CD's have a couple good songs. How bout you?
 Are you into country music? Not really, how about you?
 Hey, do you read a lot? Hi! I love reading! In fact, Starship Troopers is on my reading list because it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! What about you?
 Lazy Lester recently passed away.  He was a great Cajun musician. Yes, he was a great influence on musicians on both side of the Atlantic
 do you know what the best selling album of the 21st century is? Hello!  I don't know that I do.  What is it?
 Hi. I am such a reading buff. I love how language is processed into comprehension and all of the nuances involved. Ah, I like to read books as well although they are all fiction ones.
 Lazy Lester, a Louisiana-born singer and harmonica player whose rough and rollicking style of swamp blues influenced musicians on both sides of the Atlantic, died Aug. 22 But he also drummed on cardboard boxes and beat rolled-up newspapers against the studio walls in place of snare drums.Id just grab whatever was in the studio and try to get a groove going
 Do you read comic books? I do every now and then.  Do you read any?  I like marvel and dc myself.
 hi, do you like rap music? Sure, I do. How about you? I like Tupac. His music is in the library of congress of "cultural significance."
 Hi there. do you like rap music? I do, do you have a favorite rapper? 
 hi how are you? do you like horror films? I love horror films. 
 Cinematography has surely become an art, what are your thoughts about this? I don't think much about the art. I usually pay attention to the plot and characters.
 Do you watch youtube?  I don't know anyone who doesn't.  It is the second largest search engine on the net. I definitely watch youtube. Do you?
 Hi! Can you believe a Florida legislator's aide said two of the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School shooting survivors were actors? That is sad! It's despicable, but unfortunately I can believe it. Some people are so willing to believe in conspiracies that support their politics that they decide to disregard basic human decency. He claimed that there's a YouTube video that's proof!
 hi, do you travel? Not frequently, it's not really my thing. I don't mind exploring but I'm more of a homebody.
 Hello, do you like Cinematography? I love cinematography. One of my favorite DPs, Roger Deakins, has been nominated 14 times -- and but won only once for Bladerunner 2049 last year. 
 Hello Are you a Stephen King fan? I am, and was surprised to learn that the movie Bambie, terrified him as a kid. Yes I am! I feel as if his books are much more terrifying than Bambi. I do not enjoy horror films, do you?
 Hey how are you? Do you travel much? I am doing good. No I dont really get to travel to often. I love to travel though.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) I agree! Where are you from?
 Are you or have you even been into comic books? yes, I once visited the library at MSC, they have the biggest collection in the world
 hey there, do you like comic books? I did like them as a kid but not so much now, I guess they first got popular in the 1930s, what about you?
 Hello there, are you a fan of comic books? I am a fan of comic books specially Marvel, too bad Stan Lee died, did you know he ended every conversation with the phrase Excelsior
 Hello! How are you? Great! and you? Do you enjoy Poetry? For $9 is what Edgar Allan Poe got for , " The Raven".
 Hi. Are you a fan of Shakespeare? Did you know that he and Pocahontas were alive at the same time and died only a year apart. hi how are you? William! I dont know his works that well. That is funny that he was a contemporary of Pocanhontas.
 Hello! How are you? HI there.  YOu that interested in poetry?
 hi, do you watch netflix? I do watch Neflix. I love to binge watch a good show.
 Hi. Do you like sharks? Did you know they involved earlier than dinosaurs and trees?! I have no real opinion one way or another concerning, sharks, other than that I want to avoid them in the wild.
 I watch a lot of Netlfix. How about yourself? Hello - I also watch a lot of Netflix. I have a free account through T Mobile.
 hey my friend do you have Netflix by chance? I  do, I have an account for over 2 years, do you subscribe to the service?
 Hello,  do you like Marvel Comics?  I am actually watching the Avengers right now lol Did you know Marvel created a super hero called blue ear that wore hearing aids? I am not a huge fan, but I heard that they did that for a little boy who also had to wear hearing aids. That's pretty great!
 Hello did you know that netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america between the hours of 9pm-12am  I'm not surprised! It's popular and streaming full movies and episodes will take up lots of bw. Netflix spends 20 times more on postage than bandwidth, believe it or not.
 Hello, do you have a netflix account? I don't anymore; I used to have one, but I spend more time watching YouTube.  How about you?
 Hi there! Are you a netflix user? Yes, I love Netflix! How about you?
 Do you enjoy traveling.  I would like to go to the Netherlands where the Dutch has a bus that can go 160 MPH. Yes, I would like to travel a lot more.  Travel is so easy and normalized now, there's even a website where you can find people that will let you stay at their house as you travel!
 It must be hard to have a husband or wife in the millitary! I know. I listen to a military podcast and you can hear the hurt in their voices. I love watching the military member come back to surprise their kids though...
 Hi there are you a fan of fashion and clothing? Yes I love clothing! I'm wearing some right now haha. Did you hear about the pilgrims and what color their original clothing was
 Hi there, do you have items of clothing that are your favorite? Hi there, I sure do. I love my flats in the summer an d the uggs in the winter
 Do you read comics? I don't read comics but I have seen some of the movies and TV shows.
 hi how are you? do you watch netflix? Hi! Yes, I love Netflix. In fact, I'm proud to say I'm one of the reasons Netflix accounts for 33% of all the North American bandwidth from 9pm to 12am. How about you?
 Hi. Do you watch Netflix? Yes, I do watch Netflix! I haven't seen Iron Fist? have you?
 Are you a marvel fan? Hi, I really like the movies.  How about you?
 Hey there. I have never had shark fin soup. Good thing! I hear its tasty and a lot of people actually like it
 Hey have you ever gone on a travel trip outside of the United States? Apparently power differences is a real concern when you bring your electronics Oh yeah - trying to figure out what power adapter to use was a nightmare!  Every country is different!
 Hi, how are you? I'm just getting back from vacation. None of my electronics worked because I didn't have a converter. I'm considering buying the Tumi model for $50 because it works in 150 countries.
 Hello,You know I was just thinking about different cultures and how the food preferences differ so much between them. Yes, like people eating shark in Asia.
 Do you like to travel?  The Dutch are making it easier with a bus that can do 160mph.  That is interesting. and It cost a lot to travel in Japan
 Hi, how are you? Hello I am good. Do you have any interests like Horror films or other movies like action films?
 I adore horror movies. How about you? Yes I like horror movies too. You know that Stephen King considers Bambi to be a horror movie?
 How's it going, do you like horror films? I enjoy watching ones based on supernatural and macabre themes hi, how are you? i am not really into horror films. there are a few i like though.
 Have you seen the photos of the Revolutionary War-era ship in main? Sometimes it's visible, mostly during storms. Yes, I did.  I've heard it surfaced in 1958 and 2007.  It's pretty interesting.
 Have you ever been ice fishing before? I don't think i could stand the cold.  Good afternoon, no I've never been ice fishing.  I live in Florida and ice fishing holds no appeal to me! Lol
 Are you a fan of the washington redskins football team? I like football, but not necessarily the Redskins.  I did hear that they went ice fishing in Minnesota before the 92 superbowl.
 hi how are you doing over there? I am good.  What's your opinion of the Washington Nationals manager Dave Martinez?
 Hello, interesting fact baseball managers have to wear uniforms because they could technically play for their team. That rule must have been around from the beginning when players were chosen to manage as well. 
 Do you like baseball? Yes I enjoy watching baseball games.
 Good morning!  Do you watch baseball? hi how are you? i sometimes watch baseball. YOu?
 hi how are you today? let's talk about clothing and shoes! I'm great thanks! Sounds good to me. I love shoes. I Iike both basic sandals and high-end fashion shoes. You?
 Hi! Do you like shoes? I do.  Do you have interesting facts about them?
 Hello!  Do you follow any celebrities? sort of, not really all of te gossip but i do follow some comedians on twitter. do you?
 Are you familiar with David Christian's work? I am not. Who is he and what has he done?
 Hello inhabitant of the planet earth. Are you human or chimp? Specifically, are you homo sapien? Ha! Homo sapien, I believe. Which, I suppose, makes me pretty old -- at least 50,000 years since I started acting "modern."
 hello, do you know much about humans? well I know that I am one and they appeared about 300,000 years ago in teh fossil record, what about you
 Hello, Do you know There are at least 2 trillion galaxies in the observable universe? I did not know that. Have you read the book mentioned in my article, "Origin Story"?
 What is your favorite thing about Amazon?  Mine is the shopping site,  I can pretty much find anything! Yes I like that site. How are you ?
 Hello, are you interested in space and the universe? Yes I am!  I always wondered if the universe may exist in a black hole.
 I found the article about humans to be super fascinating. I could not believe it was only 240,000 years ago where we lost all the body hair. Well, the Earth was much colder then, it would have still been needed.
 I think that people are really overreacting to a style shift in a comic, I'm sure after 80 years the character needed an update. You mean Nancy?  Yeah, people hate change, it's not like you can't go back to the old bare bones version if it doesn't work out.
 hi, do you know much about us, the humans? I have had my DNA examined and have a Bit of neanderthal in me.  Erect posture is one of our traits.
 Do you like learning about the universe? Hi, Oh I love it!! 
 Hello. Do you like to dance? I do not dance but I enjoy watching dance performances. Yes I like to watch dancing but I don't really dance, did you know that a ballet dancer can go through four pairs of shoes a week by the way
 Hi are you a hockey fan? Ya, you betcha. Give me a puck and a stick and you'll have a southerner trying to figure which end is up... You?
 Hello, in Sweden it is illegal to name your kid metallica! That is dumb. hey! That's funny. I'm listening similar to Metallica music right now. Do you watch NBA?
 Hello, are you a superhero fan? if you are then you might find interesting that there are over 300 hereos registered in the US. not really but i am familiar.  i think it is funny that you cannot name your kid metallica, superman, or veranda in sweden.
 Do you follow, or know much about hockey? Hi, I live in Florida, so not too much of a hockey fan.  I've seen a couple of games and it seems very aggressive at times.
 Do you enjoy sports? It depends on the sport, I used to be a gymnast, and think it's cool that the ancient Greeks practiced it for war.
 Interesting that a movie I love growing up was thought of as something that later became San Andreas. Twister was my all time favorite disaster movie.  Hah, I remember watching it as a kid in school for some odd reason.  I've never heard about the whole "comps" thing
 Do you like any of the movies that came out in the summer of 2018> I did! Do you watch movies?
 Hello, How are you? Do you enjoy watching movies? Yea, I enjoy the Marvel films, I still have to catch 2018's Black Panther though
 I am so saddened to hear about the van accident that caused 10 deaths in Toronto. Yes, it was quite a tragedy, and caused a number of safety measures to be implemented.
 Good morning!  Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France? I did not. I know there's a replica of the White House in Atlanta that was built as a private home though. 
 Good Morning-what do you think of Ivanka using the government e-mail Ivanka should be careful about using gov't email. I think that Clinton ran into some problems because of email.
 Hello, do you follow politics? I do a little bit!  I know that wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks.
 Hi, how are you? Hello - good how are you?
 Have you ever visited Washington DC? Good morning, yes, I have when I was a kid I visited D.C. on a school trip.  Have you?
 The ocean floor is really amazing, theres a lot we dont know about it I completely agree! I can't believe the Titanic is 12,000 feet underwater and that people have logged over 3,000 hours underwater and we still don't know much about it.
 Did you know that freshwater fish drink water through their skin through osmosis and saltwater fish drink water through their mouths? I did not know that! I think we imagine that the ocean's resources are infinite, but of course, we are running out of fish year by year.
 Hello? How are you? Good, how are you?
 every us president with a beard has been a republican, that's odd. That is odd. So what do you think of trump.
 Do you have a favorite album of all time? Good evening.  Yes, Michael Jackson's Thriller is one of my all time favorites.  How about you?
 Hi there, do you follow politics much? I do, I feel that knowing what politicians stand for is very important to participating  in voting and things of that nature.
 Do you use youtube? Yes I love youtube, do you?
 Hi. I guess the state of Virginia has gone governmentally feminine. It looks like it.  If the men would just behave themselves like Scott Taylor didn't. 
 Do you like Taylor Swift? Listen to some of her stuff.  Think her most recent single is Delicate? 
 Hello there and good day. Have you heard about the Virginia women who are staging a political takeover? I read something about it.  Its seems that Democratic women candidates are making inroads.
 Hi, how are you? Good, do you like Taylor Swift? what do you think about the prize she won recently.
 Have you seen the "Handmaid's Tale: The Musical"?  It has the actress that played Rory on the Gilmore Girls. No, but I've heard of it. I like comedy. 
 Hello? hey hows it going?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? I'm good. Do you follow any sports at all?
 I've always been a fan of the NBA and basketball, but I never knew that shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score free throws. NBA players refuse to do it because it looks stupid haha. I suppose NBA players, maybe all athletes in general, care a lot about how they're perceived by the general public. 
 Do you watch the NBA? I sure do. DO you like Reggie MIller?
 Hey not sure how much you read so far, but it's crazy the FDA in the US has burnt six tons of books in an act to censor! Thats interesting.  I do a lot of audible nowadays.  Theres a woman who reads 4700 words per minute!
 Are you a fan of any sports? I like all sports. When I get bored, I usually watch sports. It's what I do. What about you? Do you like sports?
 Do you subscribe to HBO? No I don't but I have a friend's password to netflix
 Do you watch netflix much? Yeah I love Netflix. You? I am so glad they expanded the business to streaming media in 2007 because that is all I use now.
 do you like rap music? I like some of it mostly the older stuff, and you?
 Hi, how are you? Are you interested in horses? I used to learn how to ride them. Interesting experience to say the least
 Hi Do you like horses? No, although I do appreciate them. I wouldn't say they are one of my favorite animals. How about you?
 Hello,  have you ever watch the movie Titanic? I did, I watched it on 1997 when it first come out and at least a couple more times, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Doing alright. Are you a NBA fan? James Harden is having a great season, he actually outscored the entire Clippers team in one quarter
 I have all of the streaming sites and i wish my son would help me pay for it lol I've heard that it's a trend for young people to password share, something like 42% of those 21 and under apparently do it.
 Hello,  have you seen the movie Titanic? Hi! Yes I have seen it a long time ago, is it a real event?
 Do you know a lot about the sun and moon? I know a little bit about both bodies. The moon is Earth's satellite and is tidally locked to us, resulting in us seeing only one face of the moon as it reflects the sun's light.
 do you like listening to albums? Yes I do. Did you ever listen to Hybrid Theory?
 Do you ever keep up on what the Rollings Stones do nowadays? Not much. I know from time to time the stars will make their way back into the media but not so sure what for
 Do you have a favorite album? I do not as I do not listen to music very often. What about you?
 hello my friend do you play the piano? I do not. Do you?
 Hi.  Do you play the piano? I used to, but I was never very good. How about you?
 Hi did you see the Black Panther movie? I did and loved it. Did you know he is the wealthiest superhero?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing amazing are you a fan of the marvel superhero films?
 Dementia can be a cruel disease, I have seen it closely Yes, I have too. It takes away everything, even things you wouldn't think you could forget like playing the piano.
 You ever heard of Reddit? ah I have, I like it there are some subreddits I like  the fasting section, waht about you?
 Are you on facebook? I am, for what it feels like is all the time.  You?
 Hello! The article I read was about the film Black Panther The Black Panther movie was predicted to be a really high opening movie.
 Do you play Golf? I have taken a few lessons but my family members play. Amazing that it does not have a standard playing area.
 Hi!  Do you like poetry? I am a huge literature lover. The aesthetic and rhythmic verses of poetry are music to my ears. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Do you think Donald Trump has had any effect on the arts? Well that is a very interesting question! I do think people have probably crafted their arts differently based on their political views, whether it be musically or creatively. Do you agree?
 Hi, how are you? I am good, and you?  Do you read poetry?  It has it start date back in prehistoric times you know.
 Have you ever played golf? Yes, I have in college and just for fun after college. Yes, the golf game at the usual level is played on a course with an arranged progression of 18 holes.
 I love animals. Do you? Yes, I do too!
 hi how are you? do you like poetry? I am well, and yes I do like poety but I do not know a lot about it
 Hello! Are you into rap music? no im not really into rap. do you listen to rap?
 Hi do you like rap music? Yea I like old school rap, I never knew there were rappers who used sign language
 Hello, so what do you think about Kanyes comments? About which thing ha ha. I'm generally opposed to all of his comments. His most recent that sticks out to me were his comments about slavery. 
 hi, do you like rap? Yo, word up. I'm all. like, flowing with rhytmical delivery here ya'll.  Ok, so I'm an old white dude, but I still like rap. You? 
 do you like rap music? I do actually. Did you know that Tupac's music is in the library of congress
 hello! Hello! Who is your favorite celebrity?
 Rapper XXXTentacion, center, attends the 2017 BET Hip Hop Awards on Oct. 6, 2017 When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 Good morning!  Do you follow baseball? Not really, if it's not in movie format I have a hard time following sports. But I do know that it's super popular in Japan isn't it?
 Maryland Lt. Governor Boyd Rutherford is running for reelection. Yes, and it sounds like he's a unique kind of conservative - dry and focused on the fiscal issues.
 Hello, do you know the GOP stands for grand old party? No, didn't know that, that's like an abbreviation of the Republican party right?
 Do you follow politics at all? Hi there!  A little bit.  I find odd facts interesting such as Ralph Lawrence Carr.  He was the only governor to oppose the internment of Japanese Americans during WW2.
 How's it going, do you like baseball? It involves a fielding team facing off with a batting team hi, how are you? i do like the baseball. do you like it?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in sports? Sure. I enjoy many different sporting events, including baseball and football. I even ejoy celebrity sporting events. You?
 hi, how are you doing today? are you ready to chat? Yes, I am. Do you like baseball?
 Do you like to watch Dramas on tv. Hugh Laurie made 700000 for house. That sounds like a lot of money. Yes, I do in fact like tv dramas.  Hugh Laurie is worth every penny, he's that good of an actor.
 Hey, do you like dancing? Hi there, I do like dancing, I'm not very good but it's still fun.  How about you?
 Hi there do you like to dance? I know that babies like to dance haha Everybody like to dance except those who can't dance. 
 hi do you know much about animals? Yes. Do you know how many animals are there individually
 How's it going, do you like animals, there are over 1.5 million living species As a small kid, I used to think I wanted to own one of each animal. I like them very much. Do you? I don't think I realized there were so many species. I don't think I could even care for 100.
 It looks like dance is a hard thing to copyright in the US I was just reading an article about Rapper Freedia and a lawsuit over dance moves. I never really thought about that before. 
 The Toronto International Film Festival seems like a nice event, what are your thoughts? I have never actually been myself, but I think it would be really neat to attend.  Especially with the nice change of seasons.
 Hey there do you like dramatic movies or TV shows? Hmmm. I do enjoy drama since it evokes depth. However, I generally enjoy its comedic aspects more than its tragic aspect. How about you?
 Hello Are you a fan of Lady Gaga? Good morning, yes, I love Lady Gaga.  How about you?
 Hi friend! Do you have any pets? I do, I have a dog, what about you?
 Hear about the girl that was part Neandertal and part something else? Yea, it was a 13 year old girl that was also part Denisovan
 I have never heard of the Silurian hypothesis before.  Have you? Sorry m8... I have no idea what's that... any chance You could explain ?
 Good morning! How are you today? Good moning, Im great, what do yo think about intelligent life on earth and the theory they existed on earth before humans?
 Do you believe that humans are the best distance runners among all animals? That is interesting. Did you know humans are the only mammals who cant breathe and swallow at the same time.
 Hey what do you think about Evolution? Apparently there was some kind of Neanderthal hybrid discovered recently I think evolution is an interesting subject for sure.  It amazing what scientists can find, such as this hybrid creature.  
 Hi. Are you interested in astronomy? There have been building blocks of life found in a planetary system 455 light years away!  Yes, I am! Did you know Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun? 
 Hello there, are you interested in astronomy? hi, how are you?sure, i like astronomy. you?
 hi do you use youtube a lot? Quite a bit actually. did you know it is the seoncd largest search engine?
 Have you ever tried a dragon's breaths snack? No, have you. thats crazy!
 Hello there! have you been hearing the news about diversity going around? Oh yes. But I worry about us being too homogonistic.  Like White Magazine in Australia.  I do not agree with their priciples, but I feel like they should not be abused for them.
 Ever heard of this Dragon's Breath stuff, it is new to me. What? No I have not. What is it? Is it a drug or something? Boy, those kids are always up to something.
 Good morning! What do you think about the new Dragon's Breath stunt? Who could have guessed frozen food could be so dangerous!
 Do you use Facebook?  Every day. It amazes me that Myspace missed out on an opportunity to purchase FB but didn't You? 
 Do you have a Facebook account? Yes, I do. You?
 Hi, how are you?  I've been thinking about birds a lot lately.  Do you know anything about their anatomy?
 Human ancestry is an amazing thing to study, don't you think? It truly is. I wonder when we lost the ability to create our own vitamin C?
 Turkey has become really popular in America, I dont see my thanksgiving celebration without eating that delicious bird Did you know that Turkey was probably not part of the first Thanksgiving in the US!
 How do you like the government? I stay pretty neutral. I was a history major so I see a lot of patterns. Sometimes the government does something really nice like Norway who donated 1 billion dollars to save the Amazon rainforest.
 I feel so bad for Queen Elizabeth. Her corgi had to be put down. It is always sad when you lose one of your furry friends. I've had to do that a couple of times myself. It's a sad thing to have to do.
 Hi! How are you? Are you a fan of Katy Perry? Hello there, I am good thank you.  I don't have any of her music but think she is ok, how about you?
 Hello. Are you interested in fish? Not really, I did once have an aquarium.  Genetic engineering is interesting.  They make blue roses!  
 So we can make a blue rose now, when I say we I mean they, as in genetic engineers. I think messing around with DNA is very interesting myself. 
 Hello. Do you like roses? Up until recently I thought a blue rose was natural but apparently it is not. I love roses. I have never seen a blue rose. That sounds like all of those crazy colored carnations that they dye. 
 Good morning! How's your day going? Are you interested in science like genetic engineering or the planet? Yea I'm interested in all that. It's fascinating life on earth may have started 4.1 billion years ago
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm fantastic how about you?
 Good morning. You a fan of Katy Perry? I think she is very well liked. I bet she was a good singer in church as a child. hi how are you? i dont know  much about KP.
 Hello!  Are you a fan of dancing? A little but I'm not too good, all I can do is the funky chicken and robot like Emilla Clarke did for her audition of Daenerys Targaryen
 Do you watch youtube?  I don't have much time unless I am looking for a particular video. 
 Do you have a favorite album? That is very difficult to answer.  Do you?  My favorite albums are maybe jazz.  
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Do you use YouTube? Yes actually I use YouTube a lot.
 Do you like to dance?  I try to dance, purposefully moving in choreographed sequences.  But I look more like a chicken than a serious dancer. You?
 Have you listened to Justin Timberlake's Filthy video? Nope. I haven't seen it.  He seems to be having an identity crisis -- trying hard to get out of the boy band genre...
 Hello Do you watch youtube? I do watch Youtube. I like to listen to music through YouTube? You? Do you YouTube too? LOL
 Hi, there. How are you today? I love movies!  Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? I am good, I love movies too! That is one movie I have not seen. Is it good?
 Do you know how to dance? Yes, and I am a big fan of great dancers like justin timberlake and chris brown. Who are some of your favorite dancers
 Hi, how new is your computer? Did you know the space shuttles computer had a whopping 1mb of ram! I have 16 gigs in this machine! That's crazy, my computer is fairly new but I have no idea how many gigs it has!
 Hello,  did you know bill nye the science guy got his break by winning a steve martin contest ?  I have heard that before, it's amazing what can get you started.  I wish I looked like someone famous, it could be the thing that makes my fortune.
 Hello, do you listen to music? I do sometimes. Do you have a favorite genre?
 Hello, do you like entertainment? I do, I like to dance, music, drama what about you?
 Hi.  Do you like to listen to music.  I still collect music albums.  I do like music, though my collection mostly exists on my phone now. Do you have a favorite album? I've been thinking of listening to Linkin Park's Hybrid Theory again
 hey did you know that the rapper Tupac has his music in the library of congress/ I heard about it.  Could you tell me more about it?
 I have never watched much competitive video gaming, but I heard it is pretty juvenile.  Have you? I have not watched it but I am aware of it. I don't see the fun in watching other people play. I do like playing myself though. Did you happen to own an original Nintendo?
 Hello Hi. Do you like rap music?
 Do you read poetry ?  Sometimes although not very often. 
 good morning how are you Good!  You?  Do the stars fascinate you?
 What do you see as some of the benefits of having children homeschooled? The biggest being the problem with bullying and all the peer pressures
 Do you like watching basketball? Yeah I definitely like watching basketball. I like Kobe Bryant despite everything that happened to him.
 Hello, are you a fan of Basketball? Hello,  I do not follow it but I watch it sometimes.  Do you follow basketball?  
 Hello, do you like basketball? Yes!  I like basketball!
 So what do you think about home schooling? I think it's great! It's not for everyone, but it's a good option for families and students to have. Did you know that 1.8 million students are home schooled?
 Hello, how are you doing today? Doing alright, about to catch some neflix, it's amazing how much content they have now since they started streaming in 2007
 hey there do you ever watch netflix? I used to watch Netflix. I don't watch much now. How about you? Do you watch?
 hey do you like Horses? I do but I am allergic to them haha Yes but i've never ridden one. 
 Hi are you a NBA fan? Yes I am a Sixers fan. Are you an NBA fan?
 did you hear about the two students who rode their horse to school during no vehicles day and they were suspended? I hadn't heard of that, but I like horses. They're incredibly powerful, the equivalent to car engine having 14.9 HP.
 Hey, how are you!?  Are you a fan of the Iron Man series?  I still think the original in 2008 was my favorite. I'm doing great thanks! Oh yeah I love Iron Man. I'm going to have to agree with you and say the original was the best. It grossed over 585 million!
 What entertainment do you enjoy? I enjoy crossword puzzles, it like a little sets of enigmas. 
 Hi, how are you? Do you like to use Facebook? Hello, I'm good! And yes I do like to use Facebook! It's crazy how old it is already, it feels like it just became a thing and yet it's almost 13 years old I believe.
 Hi there! Have you been to a bookstore recently? no I have not, lets talk about Black Panther the movie, it was released in 2018 and based on a Marvel comic 
 Hi there. You a fan of fashion? I am not a huge fan but I still enjoy picking out nice clothes! I am 6'6. Fashion is literally beneath me. Nothing fashionable fits me so I gave up fashion when I was like 6'. I am just happy if something fits me right!"
 hey, did you know that Apple Computers had a clothing line in the 80s no, but that is interesting. i wonder why they discontinued it
 Do you like Marvel movies? Good morning.  Yes, I do.  How about you?
 Hey there, do you like animals? I like animals and spider man all in the same show.
 Did You hear that Loch Ness monster is a protected spices ? :) I did not, can you tell me more about it?
 Do you like animals? Oh yes. I love animals! All 20 quintillion of them! Ha! How about you?
 Do you like animals? I love animals!  You?
 Hey there have you ever played golf before? Yea a couple times but I always end up shooting into bunkers and water hazards, you?
 Hi there! How are you tonight? I am a big sports fan. Are you? I am well, hoping you are too.  Yes I love sports!  
 Hello!  How are you doing today?  Did u know The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day. That's crazy! Speaking of golf, there's a course in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons of water daily!
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of golf? I am a bit, I'm not a fan of the golf courses using 312k gallons of water a day in the US.
 Do you like playing golf?  I do but always seem to end up in the rough or the sand trap Me too, my golf game sucks.Lol
 Hello - how are you doing today? I am good. Are you interested in celebrities?
 Do you watch soccer? Hello, I do. What about you?
 What is your take on golf and tennis? I don't play either.  I think golf is a waste of space, the United States is the biggest culprit.  What about you?
 Hi do you like golf? Hi there, I play it sometimes. But they consume tons of water so it is pretty bad
 Hi there! Are you a soccer fan at all? Yea I watch FIFA all the time, it's crazy they've been around since 1930
 Hi, how are you? Doing well.  Are you familiar with K-pop genre of music?
 Are you a fan of Elvis Presley? Oh yes for sure. I actually saw him in concert in 1977 before he died. I was a little girl but went with my sisters! What a voice!!
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music? I love music of many genres. 
 Hey, You're Netflix fan ? A little bit.  It's an American company with a large video library.
 Hey have you seen the new Netflix special Nanette I have not. But I do enjoy watching Netflix. I certainly account for the 33% bandwidth in North America from 9PM to 12 AM.
 Hello - how are you today? Im great, do you like comedy?
 Hi!  Do you travel? I love to but don't get to as often as I would like. You?
 Are you a fan of Boy Band BTS? Lol, I've never heard of BTS, what are they s K-pop group?
 Do you like to travel? I love to! I just got back from the Bahamas, how about you?
 Hello, did you know that there is a jellyfish that is immortal? Weird, since they are 95% water, and will dehydrate and die in the sun. That's weird.  Here's another weird one: the Black Swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length and 10 times its own weight.  Must be elastic or something...
 Have you ever had a close encounter with a shark? Lol...no...I can't say that I have. I will tell you one interesting fact about sharks that most people don't know...Sharks have been known to rescue sailors!!! Imagine that!!
 Are you a Twitter user? I do, I like twitter because of all the news, for instance the twitters about Lebron and Lance Stephenson
 Hello what sort of entertainment do you enjoy? I like just about anything, especially the NFL since it's considered an entertainment business haha. You?
 Hello.  Do you have music albums? Yes, I do. How about you?
 Do you like fish? Yeah I like fish, it is easy to cook and it is healthy. 
 Have you been to the D,C area before? Yea, they have a lot to do there, Maketto is a good place to get tea
 Did you know that sharks have no rib cages?  they have no rib cages? that must be interesting.
 What do you like to do for entertainment I like streaming TV shows.  They are so many new and interesting TV shows out there.  I have a hard time picking a new one to watch from all the choices.
 Hi there, do you use facebook much? all the time probably to much, you?
 Do you watch Jimmy Kimmel?  He opened the 90th Academy Awards. Sometimes, yes I heard he opened the awards but I did not see that.He made quite a statement.
 Are you a fan of the royal Family? No, I read the news about the Royal family.
 Hello! Do you have an opinion on musicals/music based movies? Well I can say that I do like them, I like the Sound of Music and Sweeney Todd a lot, how about you?
 Hey how are you, you watch the NBA a lot? I love watching Basketball in fact did you know that there are 30 teams in total? That's a lot!
 Are you a fan of Kanye West? I like his earlier stuff, not too much of a fan of his baroque-pop and electro music
 Who starred with Lady gaga in the new A Star is Born? Bradley Cooper!
 Hi there! Are you a fan of basketball? Yes, I sometimes enjoy watching games from the NBA.
 Hello lets talk about the bible. Before 1963 it was common for students in the US to read from the Bible part of their education.  Interesting!  The Bible has sold over an estimated 5 billion copies!
 What hobbies do you like? I have a lot of hobbies. I love to garden and paint and read but I don't have too much time for those things so I mostly watch tv. 
 hey did you know that Google has a preference for dogs over cats? No I didn't know that, I know they like goats over there as well. 
 Have you seen any of the Star Wars movies? I saw the OT and the prequels, but don't remember many details. I'm gonna rewatch em all one of these days so I'll be ready to understand the more recent stuff. Are you a fan?
 Did you Lady gaga's name came from a text glitch?  It was changed from radio to lady. Interesting! She is full of surprises and is known for her unconventional and provocative work.
 Hello, are you a Kanye West fan? Hello - I do not like him too much. What about you?
 Hello!  Have you seen a Star is Born yet? No not yet, but Ive heard great things about the movie what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Are you a fan of drama?  I am a fan of drama in movies but not drama in real life
 Hello! Do you like the NBA? I used to play basketball. Apparently physicists say the granny shot is the best technique for a free throw! I am not much into basketball.  I followed Shaq when he was at my alma mater LSU and Michael Jordan when I worked in Chicago, but that's about it.  Did you know the NBA banned Air Jordan shoes but MJ wore them anyway?  Nike was more than willing to pay the fines for the free advertising!
 Have you seen the new jungle book? hey I haven't seen it no, I know that Mowgli is the main character, and I did see the old one before, what about you?
 Do you follow the government? I sometimes follow the government. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Are you ready to chat? Hey there I'm good. What about you? You ever watch Netflix? 
 Hi do you watch Netflix? A lot actually. Have you heard of their movie Fireplace for your home
 What do you know about mars?  As a planet or an ancient Roman god?
 hey there do you like the government? Well I'm an anarchist so I guess I'd have to say no, but I understand it's preempted the field and a lot of necessary social functions are presently carried out through it, and it will take time to decentralize them and shift them to voluntary cooperative associations. Do you?
 Hi, how are you? Fine. Are you a movie fan? 
 The federal government owns an incredible amount of Nevada. IMO that federal land in the West should either be returned to Indigenous nations or charge full market rents and extraction fees to corporations and use the revenue for a Citizen's Dividend. I agree!  The US government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years.  It happened 3 times in 1977.
 Hello, do you like horse Yes I would love to ride them one day! What about you?
 Hey there. You ever ride horses? I have in the past. I have also seen a Lipizzaner show, they give the classical dressage performances. I have never had the chance to ride a horse. It looks fun. What is Lipizzaner?
 Hi did you know the white house had twin buildings in other countries?  Yes, they are located in Ireland and France, but only one had a meeting with Trump and Kanye in it!
 The universe sure is a unique place, many things out there Hello, it's very unique. I saw there is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe.
 I've been looking into a wild court case about a gang member named Siale Angilau. Have you heard of this? I haven't heard of it before. Articles like this really bother me. They are clearly trying to drum up sympathy for Angilau, but when he has attempted to murder people multiple times and clearly showed no signs of remorse or renouncing of his criminal behavior. What do you think?
 Have you heard about Wikileaks publishing the Governments plans to destroy Wikileaks? I'm guessing that plan was foiled. Yes they leased the plan haha. I also like knowing that Justice prevailed when a us Marshal killed that gang member in court, did you hear about that?
 Did you know 86% of the land in nevada is owned by the us government? No i didn't. THAT'S CRAZY.  i DID KNOW THAT THE NORWEGIAN  GOVERNMENT DONATED 1 billion to the amazon rainforest in 2008
 ...so I've read that the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France... Do You know what does that mean ? sorry i don't know exact meaning
 Hi, do you want to hear some facts about the white house? Good afternoon,  sure hit me with what you got.
 Do you like to read? maybe read some of the Harry Potter books before? I have read some of the Harry Potter Books. My sons loved them!
 Hey would you ever watch Harry Potter on Broadway? I think they're coming out with it I would watch it. I loved the books and the movies. Did you like them?
 Hi, how are you? Good, did you read about Harry Potter.
 Hey! Are you a big Harry Potter fan, they just released a play on Broadway I heard about that! I actually have not seen a Harry Potter film or read a book....do you want to see the play?
 Hello, are you interested at all in the election system? Not really as I am not into politics. I find it interesting that a cat named hank placed third in a Virginia senate election.
 You know, I've heard of John Coltrane in the movies several times, but I don't think I've every heard the music.  Are you a jazz fan? No, I've never been a fan of jazz.  But, I have heard of Coltrane as well, mostly in movie references.  From what I understand he had a very distinctive sound.
 What do you think about these new age summer camps? I think practicing mindfulness can certainly help people.  I dont know about the whole camp though.
 Do you like to dance? Hello there, I would say that I like to, but am not very good at it.  How about you?
 Hello, how are you doing today? Do you know much about yoga? A little bit.  I've been reading about mindfulness summer camps.
 Hello, do you play the gitaur? I love the guitar.  I unsuccessfully tried to learn.
 Are you a fan of Jazz musci?  I don't mind it. It has a really rich history from New Orleans.
 Do you follow politics in Asia ?  Hey, yes, I do follow politics generally. What kind of news in Asia were interesting for you?
 Hey there!  Are you a fan of jazz? yes, I like jazz. Rock and pop too. How about you?
 Did you know that on April 18 1930, The BBC played only piano music because there was no news to report. hi how are you? Yes, the Beeb was good about the piano music. they had no rock to play at the time so they went with the square music.
 Hello!  Do you like listening to music? Good afternoon and thank you for chatting with me! As a matter of fact I do love to listen to music; all different kinds of music as well.
 How's it going? Did you know there is a programming language that are written in musical composition? No I had no idea.  I dont even really know how that works lol 
 Hello, How are you today? Do you like music? I do, one of my favorite genres is Jazz, do you like music? do you like Jazz?
 Hi, do you like dance? Not really.  Did you know Bruce Lee was though?
 Hello, do you like the guitar? Yes I do. I play when I can. What about you?
 Do you play guitar?  I do, its my favorite instrument, what about you?
 Howdy! Are you a fan of comedy movies? Some of the best have comedians playing on the starring roles, like Bill Murray or Dimitrius Martin. Hi! I am definitely a comedy fan, I think Bill Murray is an amazing comedic actor!
 I absolutely love to read. How about you? I love to read too. I read all the time. What kind of reading do you do?
 What are your thoughts on Quantom computers? Hello, I need to do more research on that? What do you think?
 Are you a big reader? I love to read in my downtime. Hey, yes, I am. Probably I read less for the last year, but I enjoy reading. Do you visit libraries? 
 Hello! Are you interested at all in AI? I am actually, computers are so crazy, did you know that russians actually made a computer that runs on water?
 Hi there. Are you a fan of reading? Good morning!  I love reading and wish I could read more, like I used to before kids!  You?
 Good morning, how are you doing today? Fine. Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding sysmbols to derive meaning.
 Have you heard of Quantum computers? I have heard of them but i don't know a great deal about them. I know that they use a much more advanced form of binary language, utilizing multiple probabilities and simultaneously measuring and comparing the results. I have no idea how it does all that though
 What do you browse online? A bunch of stuff. Recently I've been looking into quantum computing.
 Do you like comic books? Hello there, yeah I sure do, I used to read them a lot growing up, how about you?
 What do you like to do for entertainment to hold your attention and interests? I read books and play video games. What about you?
 Hi! Do you like jazz? Hi I prefer rap music. 
 Hey there. Are you having a good evening? I'm just kicking back and listening to some jazz.  I am doing pretty well, I cannot complain too much!
 Do you enjoy listening to music albums? I do music is an excellent art form.
 What kind of music do you like? Hello, I like many genre's. Have you heard about the new jazz album put out by Steve Tibbets? He is a guitarist.
 Hi, do you play the guitar? No, but i do enjoy it and jazz guitarists music is unpredictable
 do you like jazz music? I sure do. Do you know why the trumpeteres have goatees?
 Hello there, are you a fan of jazz music? Hello, somewhat i guess! 
 Hi do you like music I do
 Hello do you like basketball? Hi, how are you? yes, i like basketball. You?
 Hey, are you a basketball fan? I am a little bit. I heard something interesting about the NBA the other day. Did you know that one of the 30 teams is in Canada ?
 Hello - how are you doing today? Good Morning! Do you use Amazon at all?
 Hi! Do you like basketball? It is a great sport
 Do you enjoy watching sports? I do very much, I have a DVR and it is mostly sports programs, how about you?
 I just found out that both Curry and Lebron are both from the same city - Akron, Ohio! That's crazy! I am huge fans of both of theirs!
 hello,  do you like basketball? hey, basketball is cool ya, I like Stephen Curry a lot, you?
 Stephen Curry was a pretty good player  He sure is. Do you know which team he currently plays for?
 Hi.  Do you follow basketball? I sometimes follow basketball, generally the pro game. You?
 Hello, do you like the NBA?  I watch occasionally
 Are you a fan of the Rockets of the Warriors? I would say neither... I'm not a fan of the NBA. 
 Who do you think will win? The Rockets or The Warriors? Rockets seem good, but I think Id have to go with Kerr and the Warriors.
 Hello, do you watch the NBA? I don't but I have friends who are very into it, they talk about players such as Stephen Curry and Lebron James all the time.
 hello, do you know who Stephen Curry is? Yup the guys is a legend now in the NBA. Do you know why he signed with Under Armor?
 Hey! Hello there. Do you like watching basketball?
 Hello!  Are you a basketball fan? You bet. NBA. Have liked Steph Curry since 2015 win over Cavs.
 Hello. Hi, Do you like basketball?
 Hi, do you like basketball? Not that much.
 Hi. Do you like basketball? hey I do like basketball, do you agree that the rockets are the hardest team that the Warriors will face this year?
 Are you familiar with the NBA? I am. My favorite team is the golden state warriors. What about you?
 Hi!  Do you think Golden State can win again? As someone who was born in Oakland, I hope and think so.
 Hi!  Are you into Basketball? ya I like to watch from time to time, I like the Warriors what about you?
 Do you ever watch the NBA? Oh yeah!  All the time.  Are you a Western Conference or Eastern Conference person?
 Do you follow the NBA?  I do, I am a Mavericks fan.  What about you?
 Hello there, do you follow basketball much? Not much, but I do enjoy the game. You?
 Do you like basketball? I do. My favorite team is the Golden State warriors. What about you?
 Hi!  Do you keep up with basketball? Not really.
 If you follow NBA basketball, which team is your favorite? I like the Golden State Warriors?  Are you a fan?
 Do you like the NBA?  I watch time to time
 The Rockets are the best offensive team this season Really?  Well the Rockets and the Golden State warriors will meet in the western conference finals on monday night.  
 Hello!  Do you follow the NBA? The NBA? The National Basketball Association?
 Hi, do you follow basketball? I do, its one of my favorite games, what about you?
 Steven Curry was a great basketball player. i think he still is.  his 3 point shooting is his signature to the Warriors success.  
 Do you like the Houston Rockets? Im not much into sports.
 hey which team do youl ike more, the Rockets or the Warriors? I like the Rockets better, what about you?
 Hi! Did you know that amazon is the largest internet retailer in the world? Yeah pretty cool. Wouldn't want to work in the warehouses though and walk 15 miles a day.
 Are you a Rockets fan? no I can't say that I am, I like the pistons and lakers myself, what about you?
 Good Morning! How are you today? I'm doing well today, how about yourself?
 Hi! Are you an NBA fan? I am and agree that it is the premier men's professional basketball league in the world! Yes, I am excited for March Madness as well. I had no idea that the leagues also consisted of one team from Canada! Did you know that?
 Hi!  Are you a basketball fan? Hello. Yes I like basketball. You?
 Apparently Allen Iverson signed a deal to make $800k a year until he hits 55 with Reebok.  wow that is crazy, and I think once he hits 55 he then gets like 32 million dollars, I wonder what he'll do with all that haha
 Hi, how are you? well thanks. Do you use amazon?
 The Rockets seem like a hard team to defeat, what are your thoughts? Yeah but the Warrior are pretty tough.  It's kind of a toss up.  Kerr is a good coach.
 I love the 2 best teams. he Houston Rockets and Golden State Warriors I wish I could have seen the game. The Rockets scored 114.6 points per 100 possessions
 Do you like the NBA? I do, my favorite team is the Golden state warriors. What about you?
 hi how are you? do you follow basketball? I don't really, though I think it's a fun game to watch. How about you?
 Do you enjoy sports? I do. My favorite sport is Basketball. What about you?
 Are you a basketball fan? i don't watch much anymore. I follow coverage on espn. Golden State has been amazing but the Houston Rockets will be a challenge for them to beat
 Do you like watching sports? When there are really epic or funny moments, I do.
 Rockets vs Warriors, what a great game I will watch it with friends and family Yes!  Are you a fan of Stephen Curry?
 hey did you know that Bruce Lee was actually a great dancer? That's really cool! They way he fought was sort of like dancing, especially for movies...so I can definitely see that. Wasn't Patrick Swayze another actor that was a great dancer?
 Hello, do you like fashion? Hi there. I try to stay trendy and I do appreciate the artistic side but you won't catch me watching Project Runway. How about you?
 hi, are you a fan of clothes? I used to when I still worked.  Why did you ask?
 Hello there, I finished the article and I was wondering how you feel about how native Chinese people distance themselves from their american counterparts? I feel that they are very inclusive, similar to other nations like Japan. Im not sure. I figure taht people tend to hang out with people like themselves, same language same culture
 How's it going, do you listen to Jazz much? It originated in New Orleans . Yes, I love jazz, all kinds of jazz, from swing dance bands to the hard-swinging, bluesy jazz to the Gypsy jazz. How about you?
 Hey do you like music? I think jazz is cool because it has such a rich cultural history. I do, and in fact Jazz is one of my favorite genres, so relaxing, I just love it
 Do you listen to Jazz? Not much but I know a little. 
 Are you a fan of jazz by any chance? Hello - I don't really care for jazz music too much. What about you?
 Did you know the U.S. senate has used the same gavel for 165 years now?  That is a cool fact. I bet they would still use it if Nixon didn't crack it!
 hello, do you know much about the US Senate? Hey, I'm not really interested in politics. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? hey im good, do you ever watch youtube?
 Hello. I wonder how richard nixon cracked that gavel ? I'm actually not familiar with that story. I don't know much about Richard Nixon but I know quite a bit about the Senate
 Hey hows it going? Are you a Disney fan? I am!  I liked the Frozen that came out in 2013.
 Have you ever heard or listen to K-pop. No, I haven't.  What is it?
 Hi, do you like Korean Pop? I don't listen to K Pop. I have heard some J Pop though. You?
 Are you famliared with K-pop? No, I'm not, what is that?
 Do you like to dance? Not so much, but my wife does.  Parrots can dance perfectly in time with music and probably dance better than I can.
 Hey, what is your favorite animal.  Kangaroo and how about you?
 What do you know about planets? I know that the planet Venus doesn't tilt and therefore it doesn't have any seasons.
 Did you like Mark Twains novels? I heard he had a hard time with his typewritter Hi. Just i know that but I am not read his Novels. Did you read it?
 Hi, how are you? Doing well.  Have you heard of the Capital Fringe Festival?
 Hi are you a fan of google?  I'm a googler. lol Yea, Google is a great website since being founded in 1998, much better search engine than yahoo and msn
 Its crazy to think how the moon of Jupiter, ganymede would be considered a planet if it would rotate in the suns orbit. I know.  Jupiter is so huge that its gravity would crush a human if one were on its surface.
 Do you like to read? do you know who Mark Twain is? I love his books I love to read! And I'm from near the Mississippi River, so I defiantly know of Mark Twain! 
 Hi, how are you? Do you like to use computers? Hi, all the time. I still prefer a desktop machine to a laptop or smartphone.
 Hello - how are you? Can you believe that google has been around since 1998? wow, long time, it takes more computing power for a single google search then it took to send men to the moon
 AI is making some pretty impressive advances. I think beating a go champion is a major milestone in AI. Its amazing to see how far AI has come so fast too
 Good morning! Glad we have www or the World Wide Web so that we can chat with each other today on the internet! Indeed! It's so ubiquitous you can even get service on Mt. Everest!
 I really hate racism ! Yeah they are recruiting for the clan like its a every day thing.
 Hey there have you seen the movie Black Panther? No, I have not.  I heard about it.  Who is Wakanda, the character in the movie?
 Do you like Oscar Wilde?  DId you know that his last words were "my wallpaper and I are fighting a duel to the death.  One or other of us has got to go." I do like Mr. Wilde :) wallpaper ?:) Some feisty beast :)
 Do you know who Oscar Wilde is? I know a bit about Oscar Wilde, yes.
 When was the film Black Panther released? I think it was February of last year.  Do you suppose it changed how African Americans felt about themselves?
 Hi, how are you? Pretty good, did you happen to see Black Panther the film? 
 Do you enjoy watching drama on tv or at the box office? Hello there, I do enjoy it.  How about yourself? Have any favorite actors or drama movies you enjoy?
 Do you watch many dramas on tv? Not as much as I used to, I have kids and they end up hogging the TV remote.  My wife liked House back in the day.
 Do you know what Oscar Wilde's last words were. No, not really, do you follow his last words?
 did you know in the Terminator, Arnold only says 18 lines He does? I thought he spoke more words on the movie, he made 75000 on that movie.
 Did you hear about actor Anton Yelchin getting ran over by his own Jeep Grand Cherokee? What? How did that happen? I think the reason I haven't heard is because I'm not too familiar with who that actor is.
 Hello do you like star trek? Hey there! I actually do like Star Trek a lot, who do you like more as the Captain, James Kirk or Picard?
 My husband is a huge Star Trek fan. Have you seen the series created by Gene Roddenberry? My husband is too lol I am not a huge fan I have only seen a handfull of episode lol
 Do you like Horror Films?  I love horror films, especially Stephen King ones, how about you?
 Are you a horror movie fan? I read that Stephen King said as a child he was terrified by the movie "Bambi" I do like horror movies, Stephen King has written some scary novels its funny he was afraid of Bambi at some point lol
 Do you watch SNL? I havnt for a long time. Not since the adam sandler day. How bout you.
 Hey there do you watch for movies? I know that I like a lot of old 80's horror ones myself Hello,  I watch some.  I dont like the super natural ones at all,  but I like gore, suspense and zombie movies lol 
 Do you like to travel?  You may want to reconsider Iceland.  They have no public rail service and most are without cars. Yes I do, because of that Icelanders without cars fly to travel between the major towns 
 Hi!  What do you think of Lady Gaga? To be honest I don't think much of her, in that she rarely crosses my mind.  That Poker Face was good, but's about it.
 Hi, how are you? Excellent, you? Do you get to travel much?
 hey how often do you go travelling? I travel quite a bit myself Hi I love to travel as much as I can. How about you?
 Are you a big traveler? No not really. I would like to go around the world like king kalakaua
 Hi there! Are you a music fan at all? I am I used to love to get new albums. I listen to music but its been a long time since I purchased an national / international star album.  Streaming allows you to pick the songs you like without buying the entire album.  A have a few albums from local talent that are not on a streaming service.
 Hello, do you know the details of box office? I know some of the big stars like Tom Cruise, The Rock, and Tom Hanks is the highest all-time earner of them all.
 Do you subscribe to Netflix? Yes,  it is all I watch in the evening. I am not alone, Netflix represent 33% of all bandwidth consumed in the evening in the US. 
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music? Sure. I'm actually listening to Michael Jackson/Justin Timberlake's Love Never Felt So Good. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good! How are you? Did you know that Lady Gaga's real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta? 
 Do you like opera?  I don't really care for it.  There is a flaw with how opera companies present new work. I actually do like it, though I agree with you. Especially considering the Met Opera's announcement of standard operas that don't really push any boundaries. 
 Hello! Did you see A Star Is Born with Lady Gaga? Of course! It was quite a dramatic film to me, but the soundtrack is very good. Did you see it?
 Do you think that it was okay for Scarlett Johansson to play the transgender role? I know there was a great deal of uproar about it. There is controversy about people playing a role that they are not actually ethnically. They are actors, they act in parts that arent like them.
 Do you have a favorite album> Good afternoon! Thank you for chatting with me today! I have a great love of most all music, I do not have any one favorite album though.
 Are you a fan of Beyonce'? No, I can't even list a song from Beyonce, I know that her husband is Jay-Z. 
 Do you listen to rap music? How are you today?
 hi, do you watch the news? I do sometimes. Did you know that Fox news is watched more than CNN and MSNBC combined?
 Hi, how are you? Hey, I'm good. Do you watch Fox News?
 How much do you follow national politics? I like to keep updated, my favorite chanel for news is the Fox News channel
 Hello, do you like fun facts?  Jupiter has a moon that would be a planet if it orbited the sun. I do, I love trivia! I didn't know Venus doesnt have a tilt, the way Earth does.
 Hey! How're you doing? Did you know that Earth is over 4.5 billion years old? Hi, I am doing great! How are you?  I did know the Earth is old but I didn't know it was that old!
 Hello,  do you watch Fox News? No, I don't have cable. Do you?
 Good morning! What is your favorite animal?  Hello, I love sharks. What about you?
 Are you familiar with machine learning (ML)? I am not.  Are you?
 Hi there!  How much do you know about Amazon? Some, Disney wants to sell their channels? How about you?
 hello there, how are you this evening? I'm dong well. Do you use Amazon prime? 
 Hey! Do you ever use Amazon? Way more than I should lol.  How about you?
 Did you hear that Amazon is trying to get into sports broadcasting Amazon will soon run everything. I bet there is space in there for a company with money.
 Good morning. How are you doing? Im doing great! sipping on my morning coffee. How about you?
 Do you have any pets?  I am a cynophile, and have two. How about you?
 Hi! do you have any pets? I do, I have 2 cats and a dog. How about you?
 Are you much into the modern rap / hip-hop scene? No, but I know a lot about it from reading, what about you?
 Hello hi, did you know the earth is 71% covered with water?
 How are you? Do you like animals,like dogs or horses? I really do like animals a lot. Do you?
 How's it going? Do you stream music online? Spotify has been pretty popular since they launched in October of 2008 Actually, I just go to YouTube for music.  I have an old library of CD albums which is a collection of audio recordings.
 Have you heard of the genre horror opera? I have heard of horror but not horror opera no, what is it?
 Hey do you ever watch the FIFA World Cup? I'll probably watch the one in Qatar in 2022 Yeah I love watching, very exciting. The city where it is set to happen doesn't even exist yet!
 Hello! Hello there, how are you doing? Do you watch the World Cup finals every 4 years?
 Hello there, do you like soccer? I sure do. Do you know where the world cup is taking place in 2022?
 Do you like horro films?  Not really in horror films. I do like film, though.
 Do you like Nicki Minaj?  I have not really been following her music. I don't really follow her that much. Her music is pretty good, but I don't like her image.
 hi how are you? did you like horses? Yea horses are pretty cool and having an interesting evolutionary history since evolving 45-55 million years ago
 Hello,  do you like denzel washington? Absolutely. A great actor with a good head on his shoulders!  And a fantastic grape in the fruit of the loop commercials!
 Hello, how are you? Do you watch horror movies? They scare me! It is usually a hit or miss for me
 hey did you know that watching a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories? Hmm....but all the buttery popcorn I eat will probably make me gain calories. I don't like to watch horror movies. They creep me out. Maybe that's due to the metallic noices made by a waterphone.
 hi how are you? do you like horror films? Yes, I love horror films. I love the way they seek to elicit fear.  I like how they were initially inspired by literature from authors like Edgar Allan Poes, Bram Stoker, and Mary Shelly.
 hi, do youplay video games? Hello there, I do play but need to buy a new system and keep up with the times, how about you?
 Have you seen Black Panther? I haven't but I heard Chadwich Boseman stars in it.
 Hi, how are you? I am well.  It's a ways off, but I am really looking forward to the Shazam movie
 Hello, are you a superhero fan? There are over 300 registered in the US. Did you say there were only 300 people registered in the US?  I do not like or dislike superheroes.  My grand kids like superheroes though.
 What do you like to do for entertainment? I like to watch movies and listen to music mostly. How about you?
 Did you see Black Panther? I did not see BP. Did you?
 do you shop online? quite a bit , I do most of it on Amazon
 Hello! Hello!
 Hello, are you a fan of Amazon.com? Absolutely!  I use a lot of their services.  How about you?
 Hi!  Waht do you know about Minecraft? Well, I have heard that it is the third best selling game of all time.
 Hi, how are you? Well, howdy, how are you doing tonight? It's a great night for a chat, don't you think?
 Hello. Do you Netflix?  I love to watch Netflix every night. I switched over from Blockbuster many years back. Netflix tried to work with Blockbuster but Blockbuster laughed at them.
 U used to go to a lot of concerts. Do you enjoy concerts? I used to like going, not so much anymore. I'm not a big crowd person. I did see Linkin Park back in 2001 one though. It was in support of Hybrid Theory. I heard they played over 300 concerts that year.
 Do you go to a lot of concerts?  I don't get to too many these days, but I've done a few here and there... Yes I go as much as I can. Did you know that Linkin Park did 324 concerts in 2001?
 Hi! As a rap fan, I can say I'm glad Tupac's music can be found in the library of congress! His music was a work of art! Yea I really like tupac's music too like "all eyez on me" "me against the world", and "Makaveli", glad his music is in the library of congress too
 Do you enjoy music? Yes, I do. How about you? Do you like Spotify?
 How's it going, do you use Spotify? I had an account since in launched in 2008 Hi, I do not but I do love music. It seems Spotify does have lots of songs since there are 4 million that haven't even been played yet.
 Hi, how are you? Fine.  Finally, lazy people are being vindicated. Exercise can be considered a selfish act.  Hee. 
 hi, how are you? do you like the earth? I love the earth, everything about it is so fascinating, do you like it/
 Do you like to dance? Hey! Once in a while if I have enough to drink! It is beautiful with both aesthetic and symbolic value! you?
 Do you listen to rap music? Yes, I do.  How about you?
 Are you into rap? I don't know much about the genre. No. I don't like it. I think it is cool that the origins of rap are from West Africa.
 Good morning, how are you? Did you know that one of the founders of Netflix, Reed Hastings, decided to start the company after a $40 late fee? Yes, that is a neat story. something good coming from something bad. It was for a VHS rental of apollo 13
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching Netflix. I just can not believe it has been around since 1997! I love Netflix, a lot of interesting movies and content in there.
 How's it going, do you like dogs? It's interesting that dogs are more related to the originally domesticated wolf than modern wolves are Hello - I do like dogs. Hard to believe there are 12 different types of blood for them.
 Do you have a dog?  I have one and she is my best friend. We used to have a dog. It was a Husky and she was super awesome! What kind of dog do you have?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you? Are you a big eater of hot dogs and other snacks?
 Hi, are you a dog owner or lover?  Dogs are unique in that they have12 different blood types. Yes, I love dogs. I have two!
 How's it going, do you like Hockey? Unfortunately there was a fatal bus crash involving a Canadian Junior hockey team Yeah I remember reading about that, so sad.  I heard 15 people died. 
 Hi, how's it going? Hi, did you know that the sun is actually white?
 Hello, do you rap or dance? No, but I know a decent amount about it.
 What's your favorite sport?  How do you feel about ice hockey? Ice hockey is a fine sport.  Give people a hockey stick and let them fight for money.  Might add a goal and a puck to make it interesting.
 Have you ever heard of the rapper 2Milly? is that the guy that is suing the maerks of 'fortnite'
 Hello, do you like dancing? Hello there, I do like it, although I am not very good myself, how about you?
 Do you like to dance? I am terrible at dancing. I should not be seen dancing. Do you like to dance?
 Hi there do you like rap music? Hi there, I do but I like the old stuff from Tupac and such
 hey did you know that Kanye West thinks that AIDS is a disease that was man made? No.  I did not.  He is an unusual man.  His "Gold Digger" is in a minor key.  Also unusual.
 I really like Cardi B I think she is the best female rapper. She is also very attractive I personally have never heard of her or her music. I recently saw her on a commercial. Tell me about her.
 Hi. Have you ever heard of Broccoli City Festival? Very little, what goes on there?
 Hello, How are you? Are you interested in the planets? You know, I used to be when I was younger and still naive enough to think that maybe someday we'd be able to live on another one haha. I think we have an awful lot going on here on Earth.
 Planets are just amazing, they are astronomical bodies widely available over the universe.  They are, there might even some outside of Pluto!
 Hi, do you know much about earth? Oh, that is one of my favorite topics! It makes me feel sad knowing more than 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed.
 Hi, Are you interested in the planets? Hey. yeah absolutely. Five planets are actually visible to the naked eye!
 Hey have you heard about the new dwarf planet spotted at the very fringe of our solar system? I wonder if that is where "Minnie Me" was from? Minnie Me.. you are a funny one.  The dwarf planet is called "the Goblin".  Nice name, why not Dopey?
 Hey were you aware that Venus starts December shinning with -4.9 magnitude.  That you can see it in the southeast before sunrise? Wow, I was not.  Does that coincide with the Winter Solstice?
 Did you know more than 80% of earth's natural forests have already been destroyed. I didn't know that, that's sad. 
 Hello Hi-are you interested in the stars?
 Hey there! Are you interested in Astronomy at all? Hi! I love astronomy and am fascinated by it! I think it's wild that the sun is really white and only looks yellow due to atmospheric scattering. Are you a fan of astronomy as well?
 Hi, do you like to travel, if yes where would you like to go? I like to go to the beach, via car, how about you?
 How's it going? Did you know the term planet is of ancient origin tied to history, science, and other stuff? I did not... Did you know Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun
 Hi there, are you a frequent traveler? Any place you like to go? I do travel a lot. I travel for work mostly though. I use a lot of planes and we also Drive sometimes. What about you?
 Do you watch the sky? I do occasionally watch it. do you?
 Did you know socks are one of the most needed items at homeless shelters? Hi, i did not know!! But that makes sense!
 do you shop online? I love it, I shop on AMazon and you?
 hey how are you? I didn't know Jeff Bezos built a clock in a mountain I'm not sure what that means, in a cave, placed in the side of, is it run some how by the rocks?
 Hello hey hows it going
 The sun is an amazing star, it keeps us alive and yet its so deadly  Yea it's scary how the sun is 99.86% of the solar system's total mass
 Hi, do you like to read? I do. It's interesting that President Johnson's wife taught him to read, as he never went to school.
 Hello do you like soccer? I'm not a huge fan, but I played when I was younger, what about you? 
 Good morning! Are you a fan of baseball? Hey there I do like baseball. It's amazing that Albuquerque actually named their team after the baseball team in The Simpsons, that's incredible
 Hello there, do you follow baseball at all? Yes I do but not as much as football. Is there anyway you can tell me how the game is played?
 hi how are you? do you like sports? Hello, I love sports. What about you?
 Do you know why one might wear a hat? Could be for many reasons.  Some wear one for protection. and others for ceremonial reasons.
 Hi, do you like lacrosse? Hello I don't know anything about lacrosse. Maybe you can school me.
 Have you ever played any sports? I used to play baseball. Can you believe the Cubs almost won the last World Series? They were the first team to win back-to-back series, but hasn't won since!
 Hello, do you like dogs? Yes I do, I have two wiener dogs. Did you know dogs have 12 different blood types? they can also donate blood!
 Hi there! Are you a tennis fan? Hi, I watch a little.  How about you?
 Hi, do you like soccer? yes, i like soccer. i try to watch the world cup. You?
 Hey do you ever watch girls soccer? Yes. What do you think about Claire Constant being named Player of the Year in the DC Metro area?
 Hey, how are you? I've just read that baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I didn't know that. It's interesting. If you go to Canada they call kickball "soccer-baseball."  What a fun game!  Do you like kickball?
 Good morning! How are you today? Im good. Do you like rap music? 
 Do you like dance performances ? I like the Nutcracker during Christmastime.  But I think that it would have been really cool to see Bruce Lee do win the Hong Kong cha-cha championship in 1958
 Hi do you go to concerts much? Yes sometimes. Did you know the Ramones toured for 20 years?
 Hi!! How do you feel about musicals? I would love to see the Temptations , i love good dancing. I would like to the temptations also but not big on musicals.The Temptations will be playing in DC before Broadway.
 Hello Hi, Do you think the Temptations are back in style?
 Hello there, are you a Michael Jackson fan? Absolutely. I love Michael. His contributions to music, dance, and fashion along with his publicized personal life made him a global figure in popular culture for over four decades.
 Hello there, do you attend many concerts? I try to when I can, how about you?
 Hi! Do you like dance? Yes!  It is amazing, although I m not very good.
 That is crazy that Tupac danced ballet in the Nutcracker. Tupac was quite a talented guy! I'm not a fan of ballet, but I bet it's challenging.
 Good morning!  Do you like classical music? Hi, how are you? Yes, I like classical music. You?
 Do you listen to classical music? Occasionally, but not often.
 Do you go to many concerts? I used to but am too old and chlostrophobic (sp?).
 Hi, are you by chance into classical music? I know a few little facts about it.  Kind of into it the older I get.
 in 2001 linkin park played 324 known concerts I loved Linkin Park. They were one of my favorite bands in high school.
 Do you know the american tv news are the best? That's amazing! That is where I first heard about Roger Federer. Do you know about him?
 Good morning.  Do you read comic book much? Good morning, No, I don't.  How about you?
 Hello, Do you like comic books? I do.  I read them as a kid and I still read them from time to time.  They really have come a long way
 good morning to you, how are you doing today>? Hello there, I am well thank you, how about yourself?
 Happy Saturday! Do you read DC comics? I hear there's going to be a new series starring Hawkman? I did not hear that. I don't know Hawkman. Is he cool?
 Hi! Have you ever heard of the Cartoon Network show "Steven Universe"? Yes, I heard her interviewed on NPR
 Do you keep up on DC movies and TV shows at all? I have never heard of them before. How about you?
 This is going to sound weird, but do you wear trousers?  Yes I do - I much prefer them over skirts or dresses - they are much warmer.
 Do you wear trousers?  I do, but unlike people in the UK I call them pants.
 Are you a fan of the horror genre? No absolutely not I only like the romance, and action genre.
 Hi!! Do you likeNetflix? I suppose I do haha, what about you?
 Do you like watching a horror films? Also do you think Bambi is a horror movie haha Well I do remember Bambi being scary when I was little, when the mom got shot! I don't like horror films, as I dislike being startled. How about you?
 Emma Gonzales is an inspiration to many young people.  She is. I think twitter gives young people a voice. I just hope they use it responsibly and don't get sucked into the 15 minutes of fame aspect of it. 
 Jordan Peele's Get Out is truly deserving of an Oscar nomination, in my opinion! He made history as a writer and director with the film after all! Yes. Have you seen that movie?
 Have you ever heard of Australia Day? No, don't know much history about Australia. What's it about?
 hi, do you know much about the sun? Not much. It's usually in the sky every day. I don't really talk to it frequently, but I guess it has a pretty good personal life.
 Hello there, are you a user of Amazon?   hi there, yes I buy stuff on amazon all the time, although I have been buying stuff at best buy more because they will price match amazon
 Hi there.  Hope you are having a good day!  We use Amazon all the time. Do you? I do, both for entertainment and shopping. I actually ordered a pair of shoes yesterday--they've certainly come a long way from being an online bookstore!
 Hi, are you an Amazon prime member? I am!  Love their options, especially that fast delivery!
 Good morning! Good morning, are you a big fan of going to the movies?
 How's it going, did you know a Prime Minister is the head of cabinet and leader of ministers in the executive branch? i have heard that. canada has a prime minister. so does japan. so does the uk.
 Do you know how the top grossing actor world wide is? No. Who is it?
 How's it going, did you know Tom Hanks is the highest grossing box office star world-wide? I did not know that, how much as he made?
 Do you like comedy movies? Yes, I do.  Which one is your favorite?
 Hey, how are you? livin the dream, you?
 hello hows it going?  Do you like animals?  I just read that the dodo bird is related to a pigeon,  interesting because they don't look a like! I do like animals. Indifferent to birds... Using raptors to keep away nusance birds is brilliant.
 Have you ever traveled to Asia? Hello there, no I haven't but I would like to some day.  How about you?
 Hummingbirds steal spiders nests? Little jerks. Ya seriously. supposedly its to build their own nests haha
 Hey did you hear about how Infowars was taken off of YouTube? Was it because Alex Jones did something wrong?
 hi, do you like birds? They're ok. There are so many kinds from 2 inches to 9 feet long!
 Hey did you hear about Maria exposto? she was 54 years old and actually travel to China in order to meet an online boyfriend I don't think I have heard her.  What happened to her?
 Do you like watching youtube? Yes, I watched, YouTube this morning. I  even subscribed to new videos.
 Hi. You hear about that shopping mall who hired a hawk to rid itself of the pigeon problem? Hello, how are you? I did not hear about the shopping mall that hired a hawk to rid itself of a pigeon problem.
 Do you have a Facebook account?  Yes, who doesnt haha.
 Hi do you use your computer often? Yes everyday.  I watch youtube a lot.  Did you know it was created in 2005?
 hi how are you? do you use facebook? I use it sometimes. How about you? I can't believe it's been around for 15 years already!
 Hi! How are you? How would you feel if you saw pigeons while shopping? i think it would make me laugh!!  Hi there!  I think I would laugh if there were just one or two pigeons, but kind of freaked out if there were a bunch.
 Hi, what do you think of government? There can be many types, but a lot of organized governments have an executive, judiciary and legislative branch.
 Are you a fan of Netflix? Yea, I've been using Netflix since it started streaming in 2007
 Do you use google? I do it has become a very useful tool in everyday life
 do you like coconut oii? hello, I adore it, the best product ever for hair and skin
 Hello, How are you? Do you like animals? I am doing well, I love animals, my favorite animal is a dog, how about you?
 Hi!  Do you like comedy? Yes, usually. Did you know Comedy Central has cancelled over 100 shows since 1989?
 Do you use coconut oil?  My wife always used it but told me to get rid of it recently. I have used it but not recently. I use good old fashion veggie oil!
 hey how are you? Hello, I am good. How are you?
 Have you heard of or seen performances by the standup comedian Natasha Leggero? I have! I like her, and her husband Moshe Kasher, who is a fellow comedian. What do you think of her?
 Hi, how are you? HI! i am great! Do you like playing Mario Kart?
 Hello, do you play video games? Hi yes, not as much as before, but I am a big fan of Mario.
 Do you own a car? Yes, I own a few cars but to be honest I want to play the real live Mario Cart in Texas! Have you heard of it?
 Hi how are you? I am well. Do you enjoy music?
 hey my friend do you have Spotify? I do have an account, I pay for the premium service, what about you?
 Do you listen to music? Do you know linkin park? I love linkin park Sad about chester though
 Hello, Do you enjoy concerts? I do! I just learned one of my favorite bands played an incredible amount of concerts. The Ramones played a total of 2263 concerts!
 What kinds of things do you do for entertainment Hi, how are you? I do many things for entertainment. I like to listen to music and watch movies. How about you?
 Hello, do you listen to Spotify? Hi there, yes I do. About 20% of their songs have never been  played
 Do you watch basketball? I do!  I like watching the NBA.
 I can't believed they already defaced LeBron murals in LA Oh, man, that's crazy!  I can't believe someone would be so petty!
 Hi, do you like basket ball? Not particularly. I think it is boring. Yourself?
 Do you own a car? I do own one yes, do you?
 hi how are you? do you like elon musk? Im well.  I do like Elon Musk.  He is one of the great innovators of our time.
 Hello. Do know who this Elon Musk dude is? Souds like a fancy perfume for SciFi fans. Never heard of him. He is an artist?
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you know much about Tesla? The tesla model s is road tested on an indoor track because their cars don't produce any emissions. im good how are you? that's cool, I didn't know that but it makes sense considering ya there is no exhause
 Hey how's it going. What do you think of Tesla? I think it's an awesome company. I love that it's electric and it's good for the environment. I agree!  I think they are pretty cutting edge and really innovative.
 hello. Let's discuss about Tesla, an American automotive and energy company based in Palo Alto, California Hi sounds good. I really want to purchase a model S.
 Hi, how are you? Hi I am well, thanks. I am a fan of Elon Musk. What about you?
 How amazing is it that we have an automobile that is on its way to Mars, at this very moment? That is amazing!  SpaceX and Tesla are really pushing the boundaries.
 hi how are you? do you like to travel? I love moving between locations. My preferred method is airplane. How about you?
 How's it going, do you travel much by car, train, boat, or airplane? Mostly car. Rarely by anything else. How about you?
 Did you know that Pakistan has a jazz orchestra that is topping the charts? I wonder what song it is Pakistan is a hopping place for jazz! I wonder whether the trumpeters there have goatees too.
 Do you like to travel? I would love to be like the king of Hawaii and travel the world. Yes, I do love to travel also!! You can learn so much that way!! lol, I know who knew he would be the first?
 Hello, do you like YouTube? I use it a lot.  I listen to music using my speaker system for my TV
 Hello! Do you like listening to music? Hey yes I do! I love going to concerts and also informal ones like gigs!
 Hi, Do you watch youtube? I do, who are your favorites?
 did you know that Queen's guitarist has a phd in astrophysics? No, I had no idea!  I wonder if he could play the world's smallest guitar.  It was built by Cornell and is the size of a cell.
 Do you like going to concerts? I like them, but I don't go to them very often. It would be fun to visit the amphitheater in Croatia that still hosts concerts
 Hello, how are you? Do you have any pets?  No I don't. But I used to have a pet fish when I was a kid, what about you?
 Hello - how are you today? Hi! Hope you're doing well! I understand it's wrong, but I just don't see the big deal over an FBI agent giving Gubernatorial candidate Andrew Gillum a ticket to Hamilton. What about you?
 Do you follow Jay-Z? Not really, I know he's married to Beyonce, that's about all.  lol
 Hi, how are you? Are you a baseball fan? I used to be years ago when I was young. It's a nice team sport with much skill involved.
 Hi there, have you ever been to Washington D.C.? No I have not, you?
 hi, do you listen to music? Hi I do like music, do you Like the rapper Jaz-Z
 Hey! Do you watch baseball? Hello - I do. What about you?
 Are you a baseball fan? I am, what about you?
 Jay-Z. We can agree that since he released his debut studio album, Reasonable Doubt, in 1996, that  he's been amazing ever since, right? We cannot agree. I think he's so overrated and his biggest claim to fame is coming up around the same time as BIG.
 hi how are you? Doing good, do you watch youtube? It was created back in 2005
 Do you enjoy using the internet often? I do use it a lot. Are you familiar with The Fault in our Stars?
 Are you familiar with theater?  I actually am. do you like shakespeare and his plays?
 Hi,  Do you follow radio?  If you like dramas, they have thousands of free episodes. Yeah, I listen to it everyday before work. I also use a website where you can listen to episodes for free. 
 Hi there, have any experience with Shakespeare? Not much, I love his plays and novels, I also know he was born a long time ago
 I have never read the Fault in Our Stars nor have I seen the movie, have you? haha well yes I have seen that movie, to be honest I didn't like it, don't see it!
 There are a lot of wonders in the universe did you know that Jupiters moon, Ganymede, could be considered a planet if it orbited the sun. No I didn't know that. I think that is fascinating!  Have you heard that Venus doesn't tilt so it doesn't have any seasons?
 Hi, how are you? Great and you? Do you enjoy learning things about space such as Jupiter's moon could be a planet if it orbited the sun?
 Good morning, are you a dog lover? I am, and think K-9's are adorable when their handlers dress them up. Good Morning! I am! I have a border collie! She is really good at understanding pointing.
 Some people around the world are getting their dogs tailored clothing. What a crazy world we live in. Haha, that's wild right?
 Hey there what do you think about planets? I know that I love planet Earth LOL I wish Pluto were still considered a planet. I miss that ball of ice!
 hey did you know that Venus is on a tilt and has no seasons? I didnt, I knew about the constant greenhouse effect it has but thats new to me, planets are just amazing, too many cool facts.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you doing today?
 Hey! So how knowledgeable are you with cars? Did you know one of the first cars accessible to the population was a  1908 model T? I have heard that, it is very impressive what they were able to create back then!
 I recently read about a woman who was taking her child to college.  She was shocked at how quickly he grew up. Me too! As a father of a 5 & 7 year old, it kind of made me sad...
 Were you very good at Physics in school? I remember I was until I had this problem about turning and jumping while in a moving train. I was so confused for awhile! I was terrible at physics in high school. turning and jumping? what do you mean?
 hey did you know kim jong-un has a degree in physics? I did not know that. I wonder where he got it from.
 Hello, do you like hockey? Yes i like hockey, I like the hitting, but I don't understand all the rules.
 Hi, how are you doing? Do you watch Netflix? Doing great!  Yes,  I love Netflix.  Watching anything good?
 Do you enjoy watching tv shows? I have found myself watching shows on streaming services more than on television these days. How about you?
 hey my friend do you have a Netflix account? Yes, I do, do you?
 do you like hockey? Yes I do. Did you know slovakia beat bulgaria 82-0 once?
 Did you know Canada is the only country in the world with 2 national sports?  lacrosse and Hockey Well no wonder Canada scored 132 and let 3 in  during the 1924 olympics
 Sup brah? You've seen Frozen lately? It's Disney's 53rd animated feature film My kids LOVE Frozen!
 Good morning! How are you today? A little Frozen. Have you seen that movie?
 Do you use facebook? I do use it, I wonder why the like button on facebook is illegal in that one German state
 Hey there do you live in the DC area? Apparently the roads are going to be icy and slick I'm not from there.  I'm from Western PA.  I hope they don't get too slick there.
 Do you remember hurricane Michael? Vaguely. There's been so many recently. Was that Florida?
 How are you today? hey there, pretty well and you?
 hi how are you? do you like facebook? I do, I subscribe to the service what about you?
 All I know about Ariana Grande is that she's a famous singer who's the subject of a lot of memes and controversy on social media. But I love album rock going back to its early days in the Progressive Rock era. How about you? yup I love that too, crazy all the formats we've had, CD's, minidiscs, cassettes and vinyl, now everything is digital!
 Hey, how are you doing tonight? I'm good how are you? What would you like to chat about?
 Hello there, do you listen to music much? I do, huge Ariana Grande fan, she is sexy! How about you?
 Do you know the rapper Eminem? Yeah, I use to listen to his music.  Are you a fan?
 Are you familiar with Kanye West? Yes, a little bit.  I know Kanye West is a rapper and he's about 40 years old.  Apparently, he's rethinking his philosophy of life and is questioning the value of money itself.
 What are your thoughts on Kanye West and his philosophy I think he's different. He's done confusing actions lately...
 Kanye is very unique person to say the least.  Yes he is.  It's hard to believe that he is 40 years old.
 Hey do you ever get crabgrass on your lawn? Just whatever grass happens to come up, LOL. I don't really even have a lawn -- most of the main yard area around my house is covered with raised beds I built, and everything else beyond that is wild. How about you?
 Hi! There's been so many challenges over the internet recently from Cinnamon challenge to now 'condom challenge', have you heard about that? I do use the internet for research, but I am not big into social media.  Therefore, I tend to hear about these things in hindsight.  But, it is either scary the risks they will take or a sign of a lack of smarts!
 Hello there! Do you use Reddit? I do sometimes.  Did you hear about the lawn shaming incident with Dr. Green lawncare?
 I cry when I see the internet being used to shame anything or anyone.  How could that be useful? I agree. What a waste.
 Good evening, my article starts with Trending: Internet makes fun of condom challenge and microwaving foil Sounds like that was real but not really a trend
 Hi, how are you? I am good, thank you. I enjoy travel. Do you?
 Do you like horror films?  I sure do especially about dinosaurs.
 Are you a fan of concerts!  I am! I used to go to concerts when i was younger. i dont have the time or money now. 
 Hi there! Did you know that giant lizzards live in Florida? that is good to hear what about the name bamboo for the lizard king?
 Are you a fan of cooking and travel shows? Definitely yes.  I enjoy the cooking shows on Netflix.  What about you?
 hi, do you go to concerts? No not really!  Do you?
 Hey, there! I was recently in New Orleans and listened to some great jazz. Music is my happy place. What about you? Sure, I love music. Jazz is great. The American art form! Do you have a favorite artist?
 Apparently Bill Cosby attempted to make jokes in front of a crowd after the assault allegations against him. Do you feel he should have been allowed to renew his career? I do not know what to answer. Do you want to say anything?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in travel? Hi! I am very interested in travel. Although I'm not sure I'd want to visit Iceland considering they have to travel by flight from one major town to the Other due to having no public rail service! Ha! What about you?
 Hi are you a jazz fan? I am a fan, I find that jazz is relaxing and I like to listen to it while working
 How's it going, do you like Horror films? I enjoy ones with supernatural and macabre themes I watch them occasionally.  I like it when a bad guy gets killed or it has some comedy in it
 Hey, how are you doing today? I'm great.  How about yourself?
 Hey there how often to use the internet? I know that I love it and use it everyday I use it every day, too! Even astronauts can access the internet these days!
 Hi, do you like to read? I do likie to read, do you?
 How's it going, use facebook much? It's quite sad facebook is surveying users about news articles now I use it yeah, mostly to keep in touch with family and friends abroad, I did hear about the simple 2 question survey the site has
 Hi, how are you? Are you a heavy Internet user? I use the Internet a lot, yes
 Have you ever invested in digital currency like Bitcoin or Ethereum? No, I just don't have the money to invest in such a risky venture. The price fluctuates too much for me to see it as an investment.  What do you think about digital currencies ?
 Did you know humans lost their body hair 240,000 years ago?  I wonder why? Was that when we discovered fire?
 How's it going, have you ever been to Reddit? They average 542 million visitors a month I am one of the .53% that vote content up or down. I have actually made the front page 2 times 
 Hi, are you on facebook? Hello, yes, I have a Facebook account. What about you?
 Hello,  how are you doing? Chinese american james wong howe was an oscar-winning cinematographer who pioneered the use of wide-angle lenses, low-key lighting, crab dolly and deep-focus cinematography. he was not an american citizen until 1943 and his marriage with a white woman was illegal until 1948 due to racism. That's interesting. No woman has ever been nominated for the academy award for best cinematography. 
 Do you like reading poems Yes! Taught fun poetry unit in L.A. classes. Still love Poe's "The Raven". You?
 Good day. Are you interested in human history at all? Humans likely lost all their body hair 240,000 years ago! I am! That is a long long time ago. It's crazy how we haven't even been on the earth for a fraction of the total time.
 Stephen Hawking was a genius, the intellect he had.... Yes, I agree. I enjoyed watching him
 Hello Hi, Do you follow Facebook?  Facebook is trying to cut back on fake news
 Hi, how are you? Good! And you? Did you find anything interesting in the reading?
 Do you often get news from Facebook? I go to the site once a day only.  I do not read facebook news very often.
 How's it going, have you've ever been to Reddit? It has 542 million monthly visitors Wow! That is amazing! I never knew that! I do know about the code Reddit where everything you see appears as c# code. That's pretty cool!
 Hello.  Interesting facts about the g20 summit and Russia.   I am actually, important things will be discussed there so yeah
 Do you like horror films? hi how are you? i am not a fan of the genre. i do like some of them though.
 Hello there, do you use facebook? Good morning. No, I do not. I'm not a fan of that sea of blue, and think it's an ego thing with Zuckerburg.
 Hi. I watched the Trump - KIm summit on youtube, it was interesting. No way! Those things can be crazy! I heard when Putin shook the Canadian prime minister's hand, the latter told him he needed to get out of Ukraine as he was doing it!
 hi, do you like to watch movies? I sure do. I recently have gotten into horror
 Hey how's it going to use Facebook very often? I don't use it that much anymore. Apparently it is blue because Mark Zuckerberg suffers from red green colorblindness! that would make sense. The Zuck would design it for his own ease of use. Now he is a billionaire.
 Hello, are you there? Hello!  Do you like concerts?
 What do you do for entertainment? Any activity that holds your interest or gives you delight qualifies. hi I do like sports, music, and since I was a kid I loves playing Nintendo!, what about you?
 do you use movie rating websites? Yes I like to check out rotten tomatoes, and you?
 DO you loike to check out movie reviewing websites? Yes my favorite is rotten tomatoes and you?
 Hi there, do you watch movies at all? Hi there, I sure do. DO you ever read their ratings online?
 Hello, do you like Google? I do use Google all the time.  I use their Google Maps app as well.
 hi how are you? do you like google? I like google well enough, I remember when Yahoo! was the popular search engine. now they make up for like 40 percent of web traffic
 Hi do you use google a lot? Yes all the time. Do you know what their new employees are called?
 What do you think of the Sun? I think the sun is amazing, the center of our system and it keeps us alive and warm. 
 What do you know about mold in attics? My previous house had a moisture and insulation problem thankfully no mold.
 Do you fear that you have mold where you live ? You know, what, actually I do!  We've had problems with flooding so, I always have this worry some mold might have developed somewhere I can't readily see it.  Gives me the creeps!
 Hello Friend, are you interested in the Internet? hi how are you? yes i am interested in the internet.
 Do you like Drake's music? Not so much. How about you?
 Have you heard about Julia heaberlin? she is a famous writer apparently I had not but I do see she was able to combine geography and poetry
 Hi there, do you enjoy music? Hi! Yes, I do enjoy music. How about yourself?
 do you listen to albums at all? Yes I do Thom Yorke is mentioned in the Radiohead albums as the guy that played the laptop
 Hey what do you like about the musician Drake? Do you ever listen to his music Yes I really like rap music. Drake is one of my favorite rappers. 
 do you travel much? I do. Did you know air travel used to be faster in the 60s
 Are you planning to watch the Grammys this year? hello,  I am not sure.  Is that going to be on soon?  
 do you like Drake? I like him yes. DO you know his full name?
 Good afternoon! Have you ever read the novel Paper Ghost's by Julia Heaberlin? No, I heard its pretty good but I havent read it, the book is on my to read list though, what about you?
 Hello. How are you? Good, do you like rap ?
 Hi!  How much do you know about Drake? I know he is from Canada and hangs out with Steph Curry near my house in Alameda!
 What types of music do you enjoy? Rap? I like all music but country and classical. How about you?
 Hi, do you listen to Drake? I have in the past.  I haven't heard "Scorpion" yet.
 Hi, do you like to Travel, if yes where would you like to go? I have always wanted to travel to asia
 Do you use facebook? Yes I do.  It is such a part of my life that I still can't believe it's been around since 2004 or that I've been using it for so many years.
 Hi!  Have you followed the Parkland shooting? I'm not sure. I do use Facebook a lot. So if its on there I would follow the news.
 Do you have a favorite celebrity? Hmmm....not really.  I know I'm not a fan of Paris Hilton.
 Are you a fan of the Harry Potter series? yes I am, how about you?
 So what do you think of Maria Butina appealing to men with guns? I don't get it at all.  But I know there are men out there who think guns are just the best thing ever.  They can identify the models and the add ons just by looking at a picture.  Seems very weird to me.  
 Hi. Are you by any chance a dog lover? If so, what breed? I do!  I like Huskies.  Have had them the majority of my life.
 Good morning!  Do you like facebook? Yes, I love it! Can't believe I've been using it since 2-4-04!
 Have you ever heard Linkin Park's "Hybrid Theory" album? Yes, I have! That's a fantastic album
 Are you on facebook? hi how are you? no, im not on facebook. You?
 Are you a star wars fan? absolutely!
 Hey you like listening to music? Linkin Park was so good, there album was the best selling album of our century. yes, i do like to listen to music. i have not listened to the Lincoln Park. they must have a great album then. they toured a lot too.
 Hi! Are you a basketball fan? LeBron released the date for Space Jam 2. Filming starts this summer. The first one is a classic, so I'm not sure how LeBron will compare to Jordan
 do you watch the NBA? I sure do, DO you know how many teams are in it?
 Hi, how are you? Im great, what do you think about The Cavaliers this season, do you follow the  NBA?
 Hello - how are you today? I am great but it is freezing her! and yourself?
 Are you a fan of rock music? I like Bon Jovi and he was a great performer too! He moved around the stage like his feet were light as a feather, it was hard to not bop my hand to his music. ya he does great shows, I wonder how much he plays, definitely not as many as linkin park, they played almost every day in 2001
 Rock music is a form of popular music that originated as rock and roll in the US in the early 1950s I like rock music, especially Bon Jovi. It's hard to believe his career has lasted so long. I didn't know he was almost 60!
 Hello, are you interested in rock music at all? Yes, although the alternative variety.  Can you believe Bon Jovi is 56 years old?
 What do you think about Facebook and how they censor certain things like foreign ads. I'm opposed to censorship, but I wonder what the purpose of the ads is. Are they advertising a profit, or trying to influence politics through fake news?
 Hi, do you use facebook? I have an account but I rarely access it.
 Facebook appears to be in trouble in Ireland, that can't seem to stay out of the headlines right now. Interesting, what are they in trouble for? 
 Hi, how are you? Good thank you, how about yourself?
 Are you a baseball fan? Yes, and youth/hs player. Still love the game. You throw the ball, you catch the ball, you hit the ball," to quote Bull Durham's catcher, Crash.
 Good afternoon, hope your day is going well! I hope yours is going well, too. Baseball is generally played with a bat and ball.
 Do you watch baseball? I do sometimes How about you? I see the albuquerue isotopes named their team after the baseball team on the simpsons.
 Hello, do you like computers? Hello there, I do like computers, I use them all the time.  Do you remember your first household computer?
 Hi do you like robots? Yeah I do they are interesting and you?
 Robot is a machine which especially designed by the computer program to perform the specified task. Good morning, do you like robots?
 Hello! Are you into music at all? hi, how are you? i do like music. how about you?
 Do you use Netflix?  I do, I am a subscriber, do you use it?
 Have you ever wanted to visit the 9:30 Club in DC?  No actually i haven't. I've never heard of it.  What is the 9:30 club like?
 What do you know about the earth? Funny you should ask, I was watching Cosmos on Netflix and learned that Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago! I wonder what people looked like back then?
 Have you ever been to Washington DC?  There is so much to do! Hello there, I have been there twice, but when I was really young.  How about yourself?
 Professional ballet dancers can through up to 4 pairs of shoes a week, no wonder their feet hurt! Wow. That must get expensive.
 Do you have any pets? They are good for companionship, company, and protection. We have a bunch of animals in the house, a dog, couple of rabbits and fish.  No cats though.
 I got why Bert and ERnies sexuality matters to LGBTQ people. what about you? yeah it matters to alot of people
 Hi there, do you have a pet? Hi there, I have a dog and a cat and you?
 What do you think about Bert and Ernie? hello, how are you? Ernie and bert have a unique reputation.
 Do you like theater? I heard the Round House announced a 14 million dollar restoration plan. I do, just a little expensive for me to do it often.  I see that they are doing it mainly to break down the separation between audiences and artists.  I wonder if they looking to go more like a ancient Rome type play
 Do you like watching the drama genre? I do! It is very interesting to me, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am quite flowery today, just finished binge watching the punisher.
 Do you have a pet? I have some tadpoles that will become frogs soon. I know pets can provide their owners with physical and emotional benefits but I don't get much with my tadpoles lol. You?
 Hello do you have any pets? No. But I would like to have one, actually my kids because they watching a lot of Hamster Princess series with Ursula Vernon in it.
 Are you a fan of drama?  I am! I love that drama can also include radio drama.
 Good Morning! Do you like rap? Good morning!  I generally don't like rap, but do like a select few songs/artists.  Dr. Dre, Beastie Boys, Notorious BIG, etc. are ones that I find some enjoyment in.  How about yourself?
 Hi there, do you like Jay-Z? Hye there I actually do. Do you know what his real name is?
 hey my friend do you like the company Amazon? It's not all that bad. 
 Do you use Amazon? The first Amazon customer spent $28 and got a building named after him. It is pretty cool. I used to spend a lot on Amazon but now I mostly just buy stuff at Best Buy because they will price match Amazon and they all have sales tax now
 Hello.  Are you a fan of rap music?  Do you know what it is about? I dont really know rap. I am not a fan of it. You?
 Hello there, are you a fan of Jay-Z? I have to admit I haven't heard much of his stuff. I'm a bit old for that lol. You?
 Hello, do you go to concerts often? Hey there I go to concerts a lot of the time actually, I went to Lollapalooza last year among some others, what about you?
 How's it going? Did you know Amazon was founded in 1994? Yeah,  I cant believe its been around so long already lol 
 Hi there, do you like music? Hey there, I sure do One of my favorites is JayZ. Do you like him?
 hi how are you? Do you use amazon? I do!  It is so efficient!
 hi how are you? are you a baseball fan? Not at all. I'm not much of a sports fan of any kind. Are you?
 Hi do you like baseball? I really do like baseball, a lot! Do you?
 Do you like to read? Hello,  yes I do like reading.  How about yourself?
 hi do you play chess? Not really but I know it is pretty popular and you?
 Hello!  Are you a Netflix fan? I am, a lot of interesting movies and series in Netflix. Do you subscribe? 
 hello! So do like Netflix? Who doesn't like Netflix. Half of the peak internet traffic in North America comes from users on Netflix and YouTube. We sure like our videos and entertainment
 I watch a lot of Netflix. Do you? I do. I have had it for many years . Did you know that Netflix and Youtube make up for half the peak internet traffic in north america.
 hello,  do you watch Netflix? I love watching Netflix, I used to buy movies before but now Netflix is about all I watch, what about you?
 Hi!  Did you see Crazy Rich Asians? I did not. Did you see it?
 Are you a chess player? Hi! I am and I love chess. How about you? One of the reasons chess is so interesting is because there are actually more moves possible in the game than there are atoms in the universe!
 I was just thinking about relations between the US and Russia. Do you remember the Cold War based Broadway musical Chess. It had a good soundtrack for its time. I've actually never heard of it, but with a soundtrack half written by ABBA, I'd expect the music to be pretty good
 Do you like to dance? Hello there, I do like to, but I'm not very good at it, how about you?
 Hey there my friend do you like to dance? I have been seen dancing in public. Complaints were filed, restraining orders issued.
 I used to dance back in the day. I love it. Did you know babies dance spontaneous when they hear music? It's a natural reaction.  All cultures have dance.
 Hi, how ae you? Hello im great, do you like horror films?
 Are you into music?  Did you know that the dark side of the moon was still one of the best selling albums of 2014 even though it was released 40 years ago. I heard about it but I have never listened to it.
 Hi do you listen to music much and do you have a favorite album? Hi there yes I do listen quite a bit. I like Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park
 I had no idea that Taylor Swift and Katy Perry had beef, but I'm glad they're ending it. I think its a good thing, better to be friends but I wonder if the whole fight between them was staged?
 I love horror movies. Do you watch them? I have seen some of them.  I read somewhere that Stephen King was terrified as a child when he saw the movie Bambi.  
 Hi how are you? Im great, do you like horror films?
 Hello, How are you today? Do you like to go to concerts? Not as much as I used to but I do. 
 Do you like watching Netflix? Yes, I do, every night before bed. How about you? They have 150 movies with a 100 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
 Hey - do you have a Netflix subscription? If so, got any good recommendations? I do, but I don't get on as often as most Americans. Netflix and YouTube combined contribute to half the peak internet traffic, but I think I'm an expection
 Good evening!  Do you have a chance or interest to go to concerts? Yes.  I have been to a Bocelli concert in a large venue.  Of course there are venues of all sizes.
 Hi there, do you like concerts? Hello, you bet I do. Do you like Linkin Park?
 Are you into baseball?  With all of our technology, we still have issues with rain delays.   Hey! I used to watch baseball a lot when I was child. How about you? Are you baseball fan? Do you know that baseball is so popular in Japan?
 Have you seen a concert recently?  Yeah I love going to concerts. I can't believe how many concerts Linkin Park played in 2001.
 Do you watch netflix much? No, I prefer Prime video. Do you watch Netflix?
 Hey there how often do you watch baseball? I love baseball and going to live games! Did you know that the managers wear the uniform because they can techn ically play if absolutely needed? Can you imagine that?!!
 Steve Birnbaum plays for the D.C. United and had some culture shock after coming to the nations capital.  Do you like D.C? Yeah I heard that Steve is a good defender in that league.  I do, I have been there twice before, how about you?
 Hello how are you? Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises Baseball is also a popular pastime in Japan, so much that many Japanese fans do not know it is one of America's national pastimes
 Hello! Do you like baseball? Hi I'm a big fan!  How about you?
 Willie McCovey ripped a pitch in 1962 to almost beat the Yankees, too bad they caught it.   The moment was very emotional!
 What do you enjoy for entertainment? I enjoy catching up on news and listening to music, though I've only recently dabbled into jazz music. Yourself?
 Hi, how are you? Hello to you as well. I wanted to ask what types of entertainment do you enjoy?
 Wow, the Major League Baseball organization has been around since 1903.  That's a surprise to me! Yea same. I was also surprised to find out that major league baseball game could be contested. I thought that once you won, that win was set i stone.
 hey there have you ever listented to Jazz Music? I like Jazz. Did you know Clint Eastwood was a big fan? 
 Are you a baseball fan?  Not really though I do enjoy attending games for the atmosphere. And you?
 hi how are you? are you a dog person? Hi there, I like dogs though I don't have one as a pet. They are really smart. They can learn over a thousand words and can reason better than chimps can.
 Do you like jazz music? Yes I like jazz music. I was sad that Coco Schumann died, he was a great jazz guitarist
 Hello do you like jazz music? I sure do. CLint Eastwood seems to be a lot into it as well
 Hi, do you watch YouTube? Sure, I do quite often. Did you ever see the music video for "Baby" by Justin Bieber? It's the most disliked video on YouTube.
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hi and to you as well!  So did you know that YouTube is the second largest search engine on the internet?
 What is with these ridiculous challenges that people do? Teens today are doing dangerous things to impress friends. The tide pod and condom challenges could be SO dangerous!
 Did you know that Jay-Z name was Shawn Carter? Yes, that was his birth name.
 Hello there, are you a fan of rap music? I have a couple of rap songs on my phone but I'm not a big fan.  Do you like Jay-Z?
 Hi Turker, are you familiar with the rapper Jay-z and beyonce? Yes I am!  Jay z went to the same high school as Busta Rhymes and DMX.
 Jay-Z's real name is Shawn Carter. I don't know his music, but he does love language and reading. That's the start to any good rappin' career.
 Are you familiar with Jordan Peterson who wrote "12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos?"  He's into self-improvement No, this is the first time I have heard of him.  He seems to be a strong traditionalist.
 Do you watch youtube? I love youtube!  How about you? It was started by 3 former PayPay employees.
 Hello there, do you watch many videos on YouTube? I sometimes watch Youtube. How about you?
 Hi there, I was learning about poetry recently. I found out some cool facts, do care for poetry? Oh yeah? I do, I'm into old school stuff like Emily Dickinson. What did you learn?!
 Do you watch baseball? Hi! I love baseball! In fact, I also love soccer-baseball as they call it in Canada as well. Ha! What about you?
 Hi, how are you today? Great! Hope you're doing well! Are you a fan of Ntozake Shange by chance? I love her work and love how she writes in such a style that mimics the syntax of black speech. It's so unique and realistic. 
 Do you like poetry? Hi, do you like poetry, celebrities, or dance?
 Hi! Are you a fan of the arts? I am. I love to read, I love movies, I enjoy music. 
 Do you watch the World Series? I used to play baseball in school as a kid some, but don't pay much attention to it these days. I do not, as I am not a fan of baseball. Is it true that the Marine Corp Color Guard carried the Canadian flag upside down?
 Hi there!  Are you a baseball fan? I sometimes follow baseball. You?
 I don't usually pay attention to the Oscars, but I do find it interesting which actors get nominated for performances I love the Oscars. I only watch it when it gets recorded though because I get too busy.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well how are you? Did you watch the academy awards last week?
 do you like jazz? I love it. Did you know CLint Eastwood also is a huge fan?
 hi how are you? are you a jazz fan? I love jazz its a great genre
 hello, do you like dramas? Howdy! Who doesn't like a good drama? I haven't been do the movies all that often this year though.
 Do you enjoy dramas? I like live performances when I have the opportunity and British shows.  The British shows rely less on special effects and more on quality acting.  Did you know that their is a drama called "Ikea Heights"?
 Hi, do you like music I love jazz
 Hi are you a fan of kanye west? I am good thank you just reading about Kanye west  I did not know his middle name was Omari.
 Hey. You a fan of Kanye West? His slavery rant was pretty interesting I thought.  I like his old stuff but I don't think Kayne should be lecturing on anything, including slavery
 Hi there partner. Did you hear about the surgeon who amputated the seven-year-old's leg and reattached it the wrong way? That was with the girl with a tumor, Amelia Eldred, right?
 It is really cool that they could reattach a leg the wrong way... I heard about that.  Crazy that the surgeons did that to that poor 7 year old girl.
 Hey there do you like to dance at all? Hello there, I like to a little bit but I'm not very good at it, how about you?
 Do you enjoy travelling? I do. Do you enjoy travelling? 
 So I'm betting I can guess but how do you feel about Kanye West? I don't like what he said about Tubman, it felt like he did her a great insult. 
 Hello!  Do you watch youtube? Yes I watch YouTube a lot. I even saw Kanye West say that "slavery was a choice"
 Hello,  do you drive a car?  did you know the drive thru was invented in  1975? I do have a car, that is crazy and ya invented by McDonalds to help military people
 I shop at Amazon a lot. How about you? I do too, I purchase just about everything from Amazon except for groceries.
 Hello there! Let's get ready to rumble! Now that football season is over, basketball season is now the big draw for armchair quarterbacks. How about you? Or are you more of a tennis person? Hi! I'm ready for basketball season, did you catch the Lakers game last night? I thought it was such a disappointing game with Lebron James now on Lakers team!
 Hi! Did you hear about the police officer who stole a vacuum and instant oatmeal from Walmart?  I think I heard something about that, that's pretty crazy!  I mean, being a officer and doing that?  You think he of all people would know the possible consequences of his actions!
 It seems as if Charlotte is beginning to be somewhere to recruit executive talent as Honeywell is moving their HQ from NJ to Charlotte. Charlotte is becoming a hotbed for jobs from what I understand.
 Good Morning! How are you today? Good, getting a kick off the cop who stole a vacuum and oatmeal from his 2nd job at Walmart
 hi how are you? do you like sharks?  I do not mind them. Do you like them?
 Hello! Are you a big fan of basketball? Not a big fan, but I like it.  I like to see play LeBron James and you?
 Good morning. Did you know that the first amazon customer has a building named after him? He had the first order, ever on Amazon. Yeah, i had heard about that, he spent a grand total of $27.95.  That's so cool!
 Hi, how are you? Do you like sports? Hello - I love sports. What about you?
 Hey there!  Did you hear about the two-headed snake they found in Virginia? Yes. Creepy. I didn't know such a thing could happen, but it's compared to cojoined twins. I wonder if it could bite itself. ;)
 do you like basketball? Yes I do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Good evening! What do you think of snakes? I think they are fascinating being ectothermic and covered in scales! Yes I agree there with you. DId you know some owls keep blind snakes in their nests?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like Facebook? I have a Facebook account but rarely use it.  The more I hear about their privacy abuses the less inclined I feel to get back into it.
 Does basketball hold much interest for you? I sometimes watch it. YOu?
 Are you a fan of rap music? I do like Rap music, what about you?
 HI! Hey! Nintendo has released Legend of Zelda and 
 Hi, do you listen to rap music? I dont really listen to rap. not my genre. You?
 This was an odd ruling, usually probation violations don't get years of jail time. I agree.  It's so hard to tell if it's race related or not.
 A lot of forests have been destroyed. That's sad.  We still have a planet with 71% ocean.  Look on the bright side...
 Hello, sis you know Earth formed over 4.5 billion years ago?   I did. It is also covered in a majority of water too
 Good morning! How are you today? Hey! Doing well thanks how are you? Have you ever heard of or used Rotten Tomatoes, the site that rates movies and TV?
 Hi. Do you like entertainment? Entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience or gives pleasure and delight. Sure, who doesn't like entertainment?  I especially like the NFL which is considered entertainment rather than sport by legal definition.
 What do you think of a muppet murder mystery? I didnt really like it, I like how Melissa McCarthy acts but her movies are just terrible, what about you?
 Good morning!  Have you ever played monopoly? Yes but not in a long time, have you?!
 Do you use Rotten Tomatoes to get your film ratings? I occasionally have used it! What about yourself. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm really good. I just finished a game of Monopoly. Did you know that the orange properties are statistically the best purchase?
 do you like comedy films? I love and watch them a lot and you?
 Do you like Comedies?  Of course!  Especially when ther are exaggerating characteristics for humorous effect!  How about you?
 Do you know Dean "demetri" Martin was accepted to Harvard but got board and decided to pursue a career in comedy instead.  I can't imagine leaving Harvard for comedy, can you? No, but I guess he felt his calling. Ryan Stiles did something similar. He dropped out of high school too.
 Which do you prefer, comedies or horror films? well I like comedies myself, can't say I'm a huge fan of horror movies I don't find them scary, what about you?
 Hi there, do you listen to music? Sure do, doesn't everyone? What genre do you like?
 Hey you enjoy the company of a dog? They are called mans best friend for a reason! I'm more of a cat person, but I like dogs. Do you have a dog?
 Sometimes I wonder if these celebrities use their big multi million companies and purchases for money laundering, which is I guess why Jay-Z might be being investigated.  I find it weird though that they are trying to get information out of him with for something that no longer is under his control. Also, it is strange that he doesn't want to comply. Currently I do believe that it is the responsibility of the Iconix spokesperson to get his stuff worked out. 
 Hi, how are you today? Do you like dogs? Hello
 Hello there. You like Jay Z? No doubt he has done a lot as a songwriter, rapper, business man, and record producer! I dont really know much about Jay-Z. can you tell me about him?
 Hi!  Have you ever heard of Jay-Z He is a rapper and a music producer, correct?
 hi how are you doing tonight? are you a dog person? Yes!  My dog is sleeping next to me now!
 Do you like music? Yes, all kinds. You?
 Good evening partner. I love comedy it is such a lighthearted and uplifting genre. Yes I enjoy comedy as well, I can't believe green lantern was going to be a comedy starring Jack Black.
 Do you like to dance?  Yeah, I like to dance. Do you?
 Hi!  Do you have Netflix? Yea, I've been using Netflix since they started streaming content in 2007, you?
 Good morning! Do you watch tv? I do.  How about you?
 did you know that Jeff Bezos made a clock in a mountain? Like why did he do that that seems weird and a waste of money Well I am sure he has plenty of cash to spare given that Amazon is the largest internet retailer in the world by revenue and market cap
 Hello! How are you today? Hi! I am well.I was just shopping on Amazon. Hard to believe it was founded 7-5-1994.
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Amazon? Hi there! Yes, I do use Amazon. I like it because it allows me to buy like-new items for a discounted price.
 Do you follow the government? I try my best to. Were you aware in 2008 norwegian governemtn donated $1bn to help save the amazon rainforest?
 Did you know government officials in ancient Athens were appointed by a lottery? I seem to remember something about that. It was supposed to prevent tyranny.
 Did you vote in the recent elections? Yes, I voted, did you? I know that Trump is a Republican.
 Our government is pretty crazy.  In 2006 we passed legislation that would protect our employees from bring prosecuted for violating the geneva convention That is kind of a neat thing.  
 Hi! Do you like to read? Yes, I used to be an avid reader.  Internet kind of changed that. I recently learned that Ender's Game was suggested reading for the military. 
 Hello, do you like reading? I do but mostly i listen to audibles. How about you?
 Funny how reading is so important today when perhaps in the past people survived without it Yes people in the past survived without it, but there were also far less intelligent people because of it.
 Hello, do you like reading books? Yes, did you know that the symbols are usually visual but are sometimes in braille?
 Did you know dogs and elephants are the only animals that can instinctively understand pointing. That's a cool fact! I swear I've seen cats and birds like chickens do it, though, but I must be wrong. What do you like to do for entertainment?
 Did you know that chickens were originally bred for entertainment and not food in britain? No, I didn't know that chickens were originally bred for entertainment, but I can believe it. I have chickens, and they are very entertaining.
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? I like watching movie, and you?
 Have you heard much about the movie 12 Strong? No I haven't, I just know that Chris Hemsworth is in it and he is awesome! What do you know about it?
 Hello there, do you play many video games? I do.  I like playing Pub G.  Did you know that video games were called cathode ray tube amusement devices and were used by the military?
 Play any cathode ray tube amusement devices? i.e. videogames? HI
 Hello, do you like dance? Dancing is very beautiful to watch. Both aesthetically and symbolically. 
 Hey there how often do you use your telephone? All the time.  Strangely enough not to call people, so it was originally intended for.
 hello do you like cars? I love them. Did you know it is illegal to warm up your car in Ohio?
 Hello do you like cars? Hi there, I sure do. DO you know when they came into use?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great! It's a great day for a chat!
 Hello, do you like to dance? I love it. Did you know that Bruce Lee was a great cha cha dancer?
 I had no idea Bruce Lee was an excellent dancer; I never saw him dance.  I would have love to have seen him dance. That would totally be a sight to see. I always knew that Michael Jackson was a dancer but not Bruce Lee.
 Do you drink Starbucks coffee?  Occasionally. I like it but it's pricey. How about yourself?
 Hello - how are you doing today? Hi, very good! Do you like tennis?
 Did you ever see a viral video of a lemon rolling down a hill? I've only just heard of it Haha no, reminds me of this movie I watched when I was little where a boy follows a red balloon
 Hi, do you like to dance? I like to watch other people dance
 Do you think there are many books about diversity for children?   While I agree that there is a lack of diversity in children's books, I also don't believe there is a necessity to force diversity. I support the nature development of diversity such as the The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
 Are you a collector? I just read that politician Jim Graham pasted away and had an unbelievable collection. . . I am a collector of dollars but nothing tangible. I can't believe how much he had!
 Hey! Do you know that New York area code 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone? No, I had no idea. I've only used a rotary phone a couple times when I was kid but I wonder why 111 wouldn't be quicker than 212
 Hello, are you interested in computers?  Computers basically control our worlds from microwave ovens to remote controls.  Yes I love computers, I probably stay on my computer 3 hours a day.
 Hello, do you like animals? I do! I love dogs and cats especially. Some people love animals so much that there's actually a lawyer who defends animals in court!
 hello, do you like dance? I sure do, what about you?
 do you use your phone much? Ye all the time. Do you know who invented the dial phone?
 Hi, how are you? Im doing great. How about you.
 Do you enjoy reading? I do but I don't really have time for it. How about you? And what about poetry in particular?
 Do you like to dance? Not particularly but I do like martial arts which I guess is similar to dance.
 Do you like Taylor Swift ? Hello - I do. What about you?
 I really enjoy reading? How about yourself? I love to read. I think society needs to recapture a love of reading. We are missing out on some great books. 
 Hi do you like to read?  I do! I do, its a complex cognitive process that I enjoy very much. 
 My daughter recently watched the movie 'Bohemian Rhapsody'. She said Freddie Mercury cancelled doing a duet with Michael Jackson because Jackson was going to bring his llama! Funny Huh, I hadn't heard that before! Michael Jackson sure was an eccentric guy. I heard he planned to make a giant robot that looked like him to wander around the desert.
 Hey there do you ever watch basketball on TV? Personally I don't like the NBA I can understand. I do like basketball and enjoy the playoffs.  Is there a sport that you do like?
 What are your thought on Bill Cosby? Sad ones. I used to like him, loved his show, and wished I could be a member of that family. I thought he was a great dad.  Now, I know what he's really like and I am sad and disillusioned.  You?
 Do you like to watch basketball? Hello,  I sometimes watch it,  how about you?
 Hi, do you know what it means to be Somali in Kenya? I don't know lol. To be a Somalian living in Kenya?
 Hi, how are you? hello. It's cold and frozen here, I wish we could have flame throwers on our cars, like they do in South Africa, it would really help with the ice problem.
 Hello, Lets talk about the telephone. If you own an Iphone then you own a phone with more computing power then the US nuclear ICBM Whoa!  That's some serious fire power in my pocket! lol  Do you know why New York's area code is 212?
 Do you go to the library much> Not that often, do you? 
 Hello, how are you? I'm good.  I was just thinking about children's literature and how diverse it is.  Did you know that many classics were originally created for adults?
 Would you buy a car at an auction ? hey there, no I probably wouldn't I already have a car and I use it to go to drive throughs quite a bit haha
 Do you like watching the N.B.A.? I do like to watch, my favorite team actually has the best record in the league right now, how about you?
 Do you like the NBA? Not very much, I am in Canada, far from Toronto, so we don't even get the team's highlight in the news. 
 Hello are you a fan of the NBA? Hi, yes I am.  Are you?
 Hello are you an NBA fan? Hi, yes I am. Longtime fan and I also appreciate it's history back when it was the BAA.
 Hello, do you like basketball? It's ok.... don't really watch it
 Are you a fan of the NBA by chance? I'm a mild Celtics fan, I follow college basketball a lot more.
 Hi!  Do you follow any basketball? yes, i sometimes follow basketball. i like lebron james and steph curry.
 Hello, How are you doing? Do you watch basketball? Hi. I am doing good today. How bout you. I havnt been following it to much this year but I have in the past. You.
 Good morning!  What are your thoughts on Starbucks?   Overall I am a fan.  I have mixed feelings about the bathroom issue but a place that uses round tables so patrons will be interconnected, well, the bathroom thing is a given.
 Do you have a Facebook account? I do. I checked it still but I've been spending less time on it because it's become so toxic. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm good, but trying to figure out how a watching a horror movie can burn 180 calories. Maybe it's the fear those movies cause
 Are you fan of the NBA? Hello, I do like the NBA. What about you?
 Do you like horror films?  Not a big fan, but I can tolerate. How about you?
 Hi are you a basketball fan? Hi, I watch a little every now and then.  How about you?
 Hi, do you like horror films? it is not really my favorite genre, though some films i like. You?
 do you like horror movies? Yes I do. Inception was supposed to be a horror movie
 Hi are you a basketball fan? I love basketball, I watch it almost every night, how about you?
 I think Kyrie gets a lot of undeserved heat, when it comes to the Cavs. He asked to be traded, and that should be the end of it, Cleveland really needs to let it go. Cleveland fans have a history of holding a grudge. They feel abandoned.
 Dogs or cats? I don't have a preference either but dogs are so smart. They and elephants are the only animals that can naturally understand pointing.
 Hey how's it going, you know who Ving Rhames is? Is he an actor I think?
 Hi! Are you into jazz? As I've gotten older a little more than I used to.  Did you know Clint Eastwood was a lifelong jazz enthusiast?
 Hello!  Are you a fan of jazz? Hello! I enjoy listening to it but I don't know much about it. Are you?
 What do you think about Kyle kuzma? I think he's a little crazy haha, it's funny that he has a song about him too. Hi! Haven't heard of him, What does he do?
 do you like jazz? I love it. Did you know CLint Eastwood also loves it  a lot?
 Do you have a favorite genre of music? Hello there, I would say psych-pop type stuff, and oldies.  How about you?
 Do you know much about Kyle Kuzma and Lonzo Ball? I know they play for the Lakers. Thats about it. 
 Interesting that Ving Rhames was held at gunpoint for entering his own home.  Scary though Yes, but I do not blame the police.
 hey there, do you watch drama? I watch it occasionally, but I am a huge fantasy fan. I would like to watch with the kids Mary and the Witch's Flower.
 Hi, do you like to watch Drama? Yea, sometimes. I did enjoy reading the Aristotle's Poetics too
 Do you like the actor Hugh Laurie that played the lead doctor in the television show "House"? He got on my nerves, he seemed narcissistic and I didn't get into the show because of him.
 What is your favorite movie starring Meryl Steep? I loved her in "Momma Mia" I loved her in mamma mia! She should have won an oscar for it in addition to her other three oscars.
 Hi are you a Kanye West fan? um, no.
 hi how are you? do you like cars? I'm great how are you? Yeah cars are cool. The year 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car.
 Did you hear that Kanye claimed that 400 years of slavery was a choice? I did, sometimes  I can't believe the things he says, like claiming Martin Luther King Jr and Malcom X are too far in the past.
 How's it going, have you listened to any of Kayne West" music? He is known to incorporate baroque--pop, electro, and indie rock Never heard any of his songs but iv'e seen him in the news lately. Do you like his music?
 do you watch the Oscars at all? Yes I do,, Did you know they were nominated for 9 EMmys?
 Do you like drama movies?  i do like dramas. do you have a favorite? maybe a favorite director?
 Hi. Do you like fun facts and trivia about movies? I do.  I know a lot about the Oscars - the big awards for artistic and technical merit in films
 Hey did you hear about the recent Supreme Court ruling? No, I haven't heard the latest? Everyday its something new?
 Hello! How are you today? Hello, I'm great. How are you? Do you have a Facebook account?
 hi, do you shop from amazon? hey, ya I love amazon, hard to believe they started way back in 1994
 Do you like Amazon?  It's okay. I wish they would treat their workers better. I like that other companies price match Amazon.
 did you know in the 50's that a judge wanted to ban a comic book because it had a black character? Astounding. People have always freaked out over fiction. In the 1700s there was a moral panic. But in the 1950s due to race?
 Have you watched the show Ozark? Yes I have, I love that show. I also just finished the last season of The Punisher.
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, do you buy any items on Amazon by chance?
 Hello, Do you enjoy reading? I do and find it relaxing. I love reading - I do it every night before I go to bed!  It requires creativity and I love it
 hello.how are you? Good thanks. Watch any good shows lately?
 Hello there, do you shop online much? hello, quite a bit actually. I love shopping on amazon, and you?
 Are you on facebook? Yes I am, How about you?
 Hello, How are you? Do you enjoy reading? I love to read and use audio books too! I used to read more before internet stole my brain.  Funny, only the most skilled readers in the middle ages could read silently. 
 hi, do you enjoy dramas? I do, do you? If so what is your favorite one? 
 Hi. Do you use Facebook often? Everyday! I guess anyone who is 13 can use it too
 do you like to read ? Hello, I love to read. What about you?
 Hello there, do you like to dress up in costumes on Halloween? I have always loved Halloween. I have heard during Comic Con Hugh Jackman walked around in full wolverine costume unnoticed.
 Have you heard about Elon Musk lately? not really. Whats he into now.
 It's a shame Jim Carrey won't make dramas anymore. I was unaware of that and it is a shame. Why has he decided that?
 Race has been in the news a ton lately, especially people doing blackface.... Yeah I'm sorry but that is never been okay. I don't care what some pundit off tv says was okay in her childhood. 
 Good Morning! I'm from Cleveland and used to love Lebron James! Hi, you used to love him?  You don't think he's the GOAT? Lol
 Hi.  Do you watch YouTube? Yes I do, I love Youtube.  I know that it was created in 2005 and that Google bought it in 2006 for $1.65 Billion.
 Hi! Do you like snakes? I used to have one. They are ectothermic so need a heating lamp. I am really scared of them so not really, there is a flying snake
 Hello! Do you like music? Hey there! Who doesn't like music? I like everything rap, rock, pop, and on and on. You?
 What do you think of Trump's plan to slash food stamps? I think it can save money but will leave a lot of people who cant afford food without it.
 Hi! Do you like snakes? Yea, I find snakes fascinating, like how their skulls have more joints than lizards
 hey there what are your thoughts on the USA congress right now I think it's an exciting time, with so many women like Ocasio-Cortez getting in the game
 Hi. Have you ever visited the White House? I did when Bill Clinton was the President. Have you?
 Hey there, do you have much interest in nature? About the same as the average person.  I don't mind a short hike in the woods, or sitting by a river trying to catch some fish.
 Are you afraid of snakes? Hello - no I am not. I actually had a snake as a pet growing up. What about you?
 The internet is an interesting phenomenom, someone can become famous in just a day They can become famous, sometimes infamous. I'd rather be rich. You?
 Hi!  Do you have Facebook? Yes I'm on Facebook. Do you happen to know when was their website first got launched?
 How do you feel about Fox News?  I think it's ok but they are a little biased.
 Hey there what did you think about Pat Conroy? Hello there, I haven't read any of his work I don't think, how about you?
 hey there, do you know much about earth? I know a little bit. Did you know that Earth is almost four times as dense as the sun?
 Are you a fan of Seth MacFarlane.  I agree that one should believe the opposite of what one hears on the big news stations.  Yes, Fox news channel is watched by more people in the nation.
 How are you? Do you like entertainment? I'm doing great! Of course I love entertainment! Did you know there's a circus that performs for people with special needs?
 hello, do you know much about earth? Well, the Earth is the third planet from the sun.
 I love the circus... all the different acts are always amazing! I can't remember the last time I have been to the circus.
 Did you know the nintendo could only disply 54 colors?  seriously? had no idea, that seems like very little
 Did you hear a lot of people that star on Fox are outraged by the coverage of the immigrants on the news channel they have? I have heard that, I am not sure how I feel about it
 Wow, did you know when the earth first formed the days were only 5.5 hours long? That means it's slowed down almost 5 fold, that is incredible. That is amazing.  Sadly more than 80 percent of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed.
 Hi, do you listen to music? I do on occasion, but I tend to spend more time listening to audiobooks. I'm also a fan of poetry
 hi, do you like rap music? Hi! I'm not too big of a rap music fan but I am interested to see who ends up winning the grammy for tonight. Do you?
 Hello, Do you listen to Rap music? A little here and there.  Donald Glover got his rapper name Childish Gambino from an online Wu-Tang Clan name generator.
 hi, do you like rap? Hi, how are you? I'm not really much of a rapper myself. Do you rap? Can you spit mad fire yo?
 Hi! Do you like poetry? Very much. Whitman, Frost, mostly American poets, but a few other dead poets, too, and some rappers.
 Are you into poetry? I am, poetry is amazing, a form of art, are you into it?
 I've always enjoyed reading. How about yourself? Yes, I do like reading. It's a complex process, one that few appreciate.
 Did you know that LeBron James wants to make a new "Space Jam" movie?  No I didn't, that's awesome! He must be happy since he became the 1st player in NBA history reach 30,000 points!
 do you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you like Tim Duncan?
 Do you think prisoners should be allowed to read books? Yea, I don't think knowledge should be denied from anyone. Messed up NJ attempted to ban the "The New Jim Crow" book
 Hi, how are you? Hi. How familiar are you with the NBA?
 Hello! Did you know that youtube is the 2nd largest search engine? Heard that. Understand Google owns YouTube, and has since 2006. Do you watch YouTube?
 Do you use the internet frequently? I do every day!  Do you remember the Honey Badger videos from 2011?
 Are you familiar with the basketball player Lebron James?  Yeah, I know a little bit about him.  I admire the charity work he does.  
 Hi, how are you? Wonderful, how are you?
 Do you like to dance? I like to dance although I am not good at it! It is a beautiful form of human movement.
 Hello. Do you enjoy listening to music? Back when cities were very popular albums used to be a hot item but now it's more just individual songs. Linkin Park has the best selling album of the 21st-century. I do, I was a Linkin Park fan at one point. It is a shame what happened to the singer. 
 hey there, do you like basketball? From the vantage point of my recliner--not as a player, I used to play at the YMCA, where basketball was invented, but I got hit in the face with a basketball and my love for playing the game diminished. 
 do you like basketball? Yes I do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hi, did you know that Facebook's like button is illegal in the german state of Schleswig-holstein?
 Did you know there are 20 quintillion individual animals on earth? I just learned that fact. No. I wonder if that includes birds and fish.
 I am not a Facebook fan. How about you? Its amazing how big it has vgrown since it's origin in 2004. I'm pretty indifferent to facebook even though I've been on it on and off since it was founded in like 2004
 Are you an NBA fan? Yes I watch NBA games from time to time, what do you think about Stephen Curry in the Warriors?
 Good morning. Do you like Ariana Grande? She actually began her career on Broadway! Good morning, she is ok. What about you?
 do you like the NBA? Yes I do.Did you know DUncan stayed in school and then went to the NBA?
 What are your thoughts on the Rockets? I think they are a great team The Rockets are nothing compared to the Golden State Warriors. They destroyed the Pelicans.
 What did you think about Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson splitting up? I think I saw it coming after all they are both 24 years old and they got engaged really fast, it was destined to fail, what are your thoughts on this?
 How's it going, do you follow the NBA and have a favorite team out of the 30 that play? hi how are you? i like the NBA. i dont follow that much. i try to follow around the playoffs. who is your favorite team?
 Hi, do you watch the NBA? i sometimes watch the NBA. do you?
 Hey there do you like the NBA? It's composed of 30 teams I do not really follow the NBA though I do have to say that the warriors are my favorite team.
 Hi are you a fan of Ariana Grande? Not at all but she does put on a good show, how about you?
 good evening! How are you I'm good.  How are you?
 Do you enjoy the NBA? Hi! Yes I do, I'm a huge basketball fan. And yourself?
 Hello do you like basketball? I do, my favorite team is the golden state warriors. What about you, do you like basketball?
 Hey, are you a fan of ariana grande? Yes, I heard she was in the tv show Victorious.
 Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson are a couple with a lot of drama in their lives They're not even a couple anymore, and people are still obsessing about them. They called their engagement off months ago. I guess that's what happens when you're famous and get engaged after only dating for a few weeks
 Hi. Did you know Ariana Grande is not hispanic? She's Italian. You know, I hadn't thought of that, my initial thought was Spanish but not totally surprised. My wife and x-wife are Italian so there are talented Italian women too, lol. I was surprised she was the first person hit by a puck at a Florida Panther's game, she was marked for fame I guess.
 Hello do you like baketball? Yes I really enjoy basketball, I like playing it and watching it. My favorite player is Allen Iverson, he even managed to secure a lucrative endorsement deal with Reebok worth more than $50 million!
 Hi how are you? Do you like watching the NBA? I like it because it is considered the premier basketball league in the world. Yes I am a fan of the Spurs.  The NBA has the worlds best paid athletes.  
 Have you ever had a pet fish? The last one my roommate had died after she'd had it for about a year I've never had a pet. I wonder if fish are easy to care for.
 Do you have a favorite album? Not really, I like the clean versions of the albums Walmart sells, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Doing great how bout you.
 Looks like Tegan Marie will be the next thing in country music... at age 15. That for sure! Did you see her at the Macy's Thanksgiving parade?
 hi, do you like comedy? I do, it is one of my favorite genres.  I especially like Comedy Central
 HI, there. The grossest act was finally kicked of America's Got Talent!  It is bad when Simon Cowell recoils in horror when you  perform. He has the most pull of all the judges.
 Are you a country music fan? I listen to it occasionally when in the mood.
 How's it going, do you like comedy films? It is one of the oldest film genres I love it. Did you know Graham Chapman was a doctor originally?
 Hi. Do you like to go to concerts? Live performances in front of an audience. Hi, I do. I've seen Queens of The Stone Age 53 times! Pearl Jam more then 20, and 100s of other bands.
 Hey there do you like comedy movies? I think those are some of my favorites personally Sometimes I'm in the mood for them, other times I am not though. 
 Hi, are you a japanese prosecutor? Um...no.  
 do you use the phone much? all the time. do you now who invented the cell phone?
 Hi do you use your phone much QUite a bit actually. Do you know who invented the dial phone?
 hi how are you? what do you think of government? It's ok, probably a bit too big in Nevada. 
 hey there, do you follow any celebrities? Yes.  I just watched Justin Bieber's wife on the late night TV show.  The host asked her how she felt that a man named Justin Bieber was banned from using that name on Facebook.  
 Hello, How are you today? Do you enjoy Drama? Hello! I am good! How are you?  Yes I do like drama.
 Do you enjoy drama TV shows? Yes I do. How about you? If so, do you have a favorite one?
 Hey have you ever seen the TV show Barry on HBO? I have not. what is it about?
 Hi. Do you like trivia? I do.  Im a big fan.
 Good morning! How are you? Are you a Disney fan? Im doing well. Im a HUGE Disney fan. I love everything about it. How about you? 
 Hi do you like comic books? Do you have a favorite celebrity?
 Do you like to read comic books? No, I do not read comics, but I do enjoy the characters and stories that make it to the movie screen. And it is more than just seeing celebrities in costume. The plots and stories are engaging. How about you?
 Hi, do you know much about the internet? I know a lot about different sites and some website design, how about you?
 Hello, do you like to dance? I do. I love Gangnam style best.
 do you watch youtube? I do watch YouToob. It's a good program. Very entertaining.
 Have you heard of the All Things Go Fall Classic festival in DC? It's one of DC's most interesting music festivals. I think I have.  it has morphed over the years from being rap heavy to an eclectic playlist.
 Hi, how are you? doing alright. DO you like rock music? It's influnced by electric blues, folk, and jazz
 Hi there, do you like dance? Yeah but it ain't pretty... It's sort of the male version of Seinfeld's "Elaine" dance. Do you like video games like Fortnite?
 Hello! Do you play fortnite at all? no, i do not play fortnite. that is not a game for me.
 do you like rap music? do you like rap music?
 What hobbies do you enjoy? I like listening to music. How about you?
 Hey! Do you like listening to rap? I do like listening to rap. It like a way of communicating.
 Hey there, you like soccer at all?  I like watching the Fifa World Cup, what about you? Hi, I watch a little soccer.
 Do you enjoy reading? It is such a complex cognitive process that some people often take it for granted. Hello, yes, I love reading. Do you enjoy it? 
 Are you a parent? having a 5 year old is difficult hi how are you? I am not a parent. but 5 year olds can be difficult!
 do you have kids ? I don't , it  seems quite daunting.  I actually have two boys, 14 and 9.  I also have twin nephews that just turned 5 in August.  One is great but one is kinda defiant.  
 Much of modern life is spent worrying about the future and not enjoying the present. I very much agree lol
 hi hows it going?  do you like comedy?  I just read somewhere that jack black was suppose to play The Green Lantern.  hey how are you? wow didn't know that I bet that's better than the Ryan Reynolds green lantern, this says Pixar has a secret room visited by celebrities, I bet jack black has been there
 Hi, how are you? Im great, have you seen that comedy, Game Night? its actually a pretty cool movie.
 Hello,  do you watch Game of Thrones? I do, I can't wait for it to start in april, what about you?
 do you like comedy? I sure do. Do you know which movie Bill Murray thinks is the funniest?
 Technology has many benefits but also a lot of cons when you really think about agreed.  but I do like how it has been able to take pwer from the big orgnication and give it to the individual
 Did you know there is a problem with domestic violence in LGBTQ families? I had no idea, but then again, I expect the DV occurs in any family, regardless of orientation.
 I've had dogs half my life and never knew they have 12 different bloodtypes. That is amazing. I did not know that either. Dogs can even donate blood at dog blood drives.
 hi, do you like dogs? I do, I have a dog what about you?
 It's amazing how well dogs have become a part of the human experience isn't it? Yes I think that dogs and other animals are not human but should be granted rights and respect
 Hello! Do you like snakes? Sure, I had one growing up! Can you believe snakes surprisingly have more joints then their lizard ancestors?
 Hi. I was curious if you like drama movies? Hi!  I do like dramas.  I always loved watching House starring Hugh Laurie.  He earned $700,000 per episode making him the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama.
 Are you a fan of fish?  Do you like snakes? I see a fair number of them where I live.
 I thought it was hot where I live in the summer, but in Algeria it got up to 124 degrees! wow thats crazy! but that sounds good to me right now we have freezing rain over here!
 A planet is a astronomical body. Which is the part of the milkyway  galaxy. Have you ever been able to spot at planet at night? Sometimes Venus is visible to the naked eye from earth.
 I heard one of Jupiters moon would be considered a planet but its not in the suns orbit, I think its called Ganymede. Very interesting! Jupiter is one of my favorite planets! only 5 planets are visible to the naked eye!
 do you know much about planets? I do. Did you know JUpiter has a moon that if orbited the sun would be a planet?
 I never knew that baseball was so popular in Japan but apparently they really like it there.  Yeah, it is their favorite sport
 hi, how are you? do you like baseball? I'm great, I love baseball. How about you and do you have a favorite team?
 hi how are you? do you like reading? I do like to read, when I get a chance.  Seems lately that I don't have enough time to read what I want.
 hi, do you like cars? Love them! I have had over 30 new ones in my life.  But, I have noticed scooters riding illegally on the sidewalks in my home town.
 You ever play Monopoly? Hello!  Yes.  I've played it from time to time since I was a kid.  I even have played the McDonalds monopoly game.
 Hey there do you ever listen to Pandora radio? I mostly just listen to YouTube myself when I'm driving to work I do, I like it over spotify, but Youtube I have to agree is better. 
 Rapping is an interesting music form, what do you think? I don't care for it too much now a days.  I liked it more years ago when Run DMC was popular and McDonalds was paying rappers $5 every time they referenced a Big Mac.
 Hello! Are you fascinated by the universe? Hi, absolutely I am fascinated by the universe. How about you?
 Do you like to go to concerts there are 4 interesting ones in the Washington area I like going to concerts. What are those 4 concerts that are playing in the Washington area?
 Do you use E-scooters?  Those are like scooters, but electric right ? Nah, I live in a suburb, almost a rural area. There is not need for scooters there. And you, do you use them ?
 Hello, do you listen to Pandora radio? SiriusXm came with my car and I listened to it during the free trial period, but I am unwilling to pay for another monthly fee for the service. They don't need my money. They have a net income of 16 million.
 Have you ever seen "The Big Lebowski" at the theater? It's cool that you can see it at Adams Morgan Movie Nights! No, not at the movie theater but definitely seen is at home and it was funny. 
 hello there, how are you doing today? I'm doing well, do you watch basketball? 
 Hi, how are you tonight? Do you like basketball? I love it! And you?
 Dwight Howard and the Wizards, a good fit? I think it won't be perfect but he will help them in his old age!
 Do you know golden state warriors? Yes, I'm a big fan.  What about you?
 How's it going, do you follow the NBA, Out of the 30 teams my favorite is the Knicks I don't much, but I've heard of some players for NBA like LeBron James. Does he still play for the Lakers? Where are the Knicks from?
 Hey are you a big golf fan? It is so popular in our country! No, I don't really watch golf or participate in the sport.  I do think the courses are beautiful though.
 Do you follow NBA at all? What's your favorite team? Actually I don't, but if I did it would probably be the Bulls.  What about you?
 HI, how are you?? Are you an NBA fan? Not really but I certainly respect LeBron James. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well, thanks for asking. How are you doing?
 hello do you like basketball? hey there yes I do, I like Michael Jordan a lot what about you?
 hi, do you wath basketball? I have seen it, can't say I'm a huge fan, I do like Lebron James though what about you
 hello Good morning... Just catching up on sports... Do you watch the NBA?
 Do you like the NBA? Hello,  yes  I watch a few games a year,  how about you?
 Did you watch the academy awards show? Hi, I did not but I had in previous years, how was it?
 What entertainment do you enjoy? Hi,I love sports and movies
 Hello!  Are you a fan of the NBA? I do like to watch basketball but I wouldn't consider myself a huge fan. What about you?
 Hello, did you know that LeBron James is making a sequel to Space Jam? I wonder if Michael Jordan will be in this one too. Wow that sounds fun. DId you know he once raised $6 million for charity?
 Hi how are you? are you a basketball fan? Not really a fan, but I am in North East Ohio, so a Cavs jersey might work for me.
 Hey partner! You a basketball fan? I think Lebron is one of the all time greats! He received the NBAs MVP four times so far! Four times? I did not know that. How many times did Jordan get it?
 Good evening.  Do you collect albums? I used to but mostly in tape or cd form, you?
 Are you a fan of lebron James?  I have a passing interest in basketball, I'm aware of the big names but don't really watch it.  I have met him though.
 Are you a fan of the NBA? Yea, Klay Thompson is playing great, thanks to him the Warriors are outscoring their opponents by 10.5 net points
 Hi do you like basketball? I watch it sometimes but I'm not such a big sport fan. How about you?
 Hey there do you ever watch the NBA? You know, the National basketball Association I do. I really like it. Do you like the NBA?
 Watch much bball? WHat do you think of the Cavs? I don't watch much anymore... I used to. I still love to play. I haven't seen how they play... are they good ? worth the time in front of TV ? ;)
 Good evening to you. Good evening to you as well, do you follow the NBA?
 Hi there! how are you doing today? I'm doing well and you? 
 I did not watch the oscars....seems really just a political event now I agree that and narcissist and self important idiots praising each other.  I didn't realise Kobe Bryant got an Oscar for a short film.  Do you have to be a perv to get an Oscar?
 Are you familiar with the academy awards? A little. I know Gary Oldman won best actor for "Darkest Hour"
 Do you like the NBA? Hey there yes I like the NBA. Hard to keep track of all 30 teams though.
 Are you a Wizards fan? I actually am not. What about you
 Do you follow the NBA? The Warriors are a great team the warriors are a great team. do you think that they will win it all this year?
 Are you a N.B.A. fan? A bit, I think I like college ball better.  You?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Do you follow basketball? I do, what about you? 
 Hello, do you like Facebook? Hello are you a facebook fan?
 Hey there.  Know anything about that musical "Hamilton?" Hi there!  I know that it was running at the Kennedy Center where there huge lines outside to get to the box office.
 Hello there, are you a big movie fan, do you go often? I am a big movie fan, totally love them, I like how Tom Hanks acts, how about you?
 Hey do you watch basketball? You know, the NBA? Hello there, I do follow it yes, how about you?
 Hey there. Have you ever heard Alex Jones speak? He seems to be pretty aggressive. No, I have never heard of Alex Jones, do you know what kind of empire did he had?
 Hello Friend. Do you enjoy jazz? Jazz is a music genre that originated in the African-American communities of New Orleans in the US in the late 19th and 20th centuries. I don't know if I like jazz, but I respect it. I know jazz has roots in West African culture.
 Do you  follow the Wizards? Not too closely, but I'm familiar a little bit with them... 
 Hello, are you a fan of musicals? Hello. I am a fan. Have you seen Hamilton. It came out at the Kennedy center
 Do you use YouTube Hi there, yes I do wuite often. How about you?
 I guess this Hamilton thing is a big deal?  Not enough tickets and too many people. I guess so. Do you like the box office?
 Hello, are you a YouTube watcher? Yes, I love the YT. Are you?
 Hey there what do you think about Facebook? It was started in 2004 by Mark Zuckerberg It started out as a place exclusively for Harvard students. It definitely would have died had it not expanded beyond that
 Hello, Do you enjoy jazz music? hello?
 Hi there! Not sure if you are like me, but I use the internet a lot. Did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button? Yeah I think I have an addiction to clicking on internet links. It's a real addiction.
 Hello how are you doing over there on that side of the internet? I'm good! Do you watch videos on Youtube or elsewhere? Apparently it's very easy to fake videos now/
 It's hard these days to know if what you are reading is true or not!!!  I really don't believe half of what I read when it is so easy for the media to put out misinformation! I completely agree, it can be very difficult to decipher fiction from reality these days.
 AI seems to be everywhere now a days...even Facebook uses it? Yeah, I think that AI is going to be popular like cell phones. It will take years in my opinion. 
 Have you ever heard of Scott Tilley? No I haven't. Who is he?
 Hi, how are you? Im doing great. How about you?
 Hello. Do you spend much time listening to the radio? I do. Did you know that there is a law in Canada requiring 40% of the music be Canadian?
 Hello there, I hope you are doing well.  Are you a fan of country music? I don't know too much about it, but I was just reading about the sad story of Carrie Underwood, with all those miscarriages.
 Hey have you ever played golf before? I've played only a couple times Hi there, I have played three times only. Heard there is a disc gold course in Antartica
 hi how are you? do you like radio? Hi, I am good! How are you?  Yes I do like radios.
 Hey there. I guess Duncan Hunter's wife was better at explaining some misused funds. That is an interesting story. Right, 250,000 dollar is a lot of money to explain but she did.
 Did you hear about Carrier Underwood?  She had multiple miscarriages.  Very sad. It is, she had some horrible luck.  Glad to know that this pregnancy is sticking for her thought!
 Hey there do you ever play golf? I personally think it's really boring Yes, I  live on a golf course, lol.  I enjoy it,have friends that got me started. but I use to think it was boring,especially to watch on TV, the voices would put me to sleep!
 do you like golf? I like it a little bit and you?
 I'm going to listen to am radio so I can try to hear Jupiter's radio storms. Good day. Do you enjoy that kind of stuff?
 Hello, do you watch dramas? hey yes I watch them from time to time, they are my favorite kind of movies, you?
 hi how are you? Hey, doing good!  I was just thinking about movies... comedy and drama in particular.  You a big fan of either, by chance?
 Hi. I was wondering if you like movies. I love movies, especially comedy! How about you?
 Do you like Hugh Laurie?  very much so. I like him in House a lot
 Do you like Comedies?  Who doesn't love laughing right?
 HI how are you?! Hello!  I'm ok.do you like comedies?
 I don't keep up on many TV shows, but every once in a while I see clips of various performances from artists on The Voice I think The Voice its a great show, I like it and think there are a lot of telented people in the show, I liked Brynn Cartellis performance ons season 15
 hey do you like Disney Movies? Specifically Pixar ones Yes, I like Disney movies all a lot, I like to watched Disney because of the cartoons.
 Hello.  Do you use reddit? i do! i like to kill time on there. do you?
 Hi! Are you a fan of Lady Gaga? I think it was sweet of Elton John to select her to be his son's godmother! I am a fan of the young artist born in the year 1986
 Do you enjoy music? I do, I enjoy watching the Voice. I was excited that Brynn Cartelli won. She's so talented especially for being 15. 
 So I guess involuntary pornography like face swapping celebrity faces onto pornographic material is being banned.  From Reddit anyway - the deep-fake celebrity variety.  I think the rest of their porn is up and running.
 Hi, do you listen to the radio much? I do. Did you know you can catch Jupiter's storms in the AM radio?
 Did you play any Pacman growing up? Hello how are you,  yeah I played some! 
 Have you been to Union Market in DC? No, I have not. Is it interesting?
 What do you like to do for entertainment? i like to do a lot of things, depends on my mood. watch movies, listen to podcasts, run, play video games, the world is my oyster! how about you
 Hello, do you own a netflix account?  i do. i cant believe people watch so much netflix.
 Hello there, do you use Netflix? I do, im one of the 58 million subscribers in North America what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Did you know that before 1963, it was not uncommon for US students  to read from the Bible as part of their elementary education? Things have certainly changed!   Do you know much about Shania Twain?
 Afternoon. Read much? Yea but I dont hold a candle to anne jones. She can read 4700 words per minute
 I am from Chicago and had no idea that Europe was baking... climate change has had an impact on everything from here to the sun
 Hello hows it going?  Did you know the sun is actually white?  That is amazing.  Also,  why didn't our teachers tell us this in elementary school,  everyone draws a yellow sun! lol  Ha, that is funny! I can't believe that the sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star discovered in our galaxy!
 Hello,  did you know that the sun is actually white? Yeah, supposedly the yellow is us seeing it though our atmosphere.
 Are you a Shania Twain fan? I wouldn't call myself a fan but her songs were catchy. It's been a while since I've seen her. 
 How's it going, are you a Johnny Depp fan, he has been nominated 3 times for an Academy Award Yeah he is a good actor, he also directed the film brave in 1997.
 Do you like to wear jeans? I don't wear them often, as I live in Florida and prefer shorts, but they are jean shorts LOL  Did you know that Old Navy sells jeans with a 41" waist as a 36"
 Do you like watching basketball? hi how are you? i watch basketball sometimes.
 Crazy that there was a shooting outside of the Walmart on June 17th.  I know, how sad that people died from it!
 Hi! Are you a sports fan? Not the biggest one TBH, but I do find some of the facts and details behind certain sports to be fascinating.  What about yourself?
 Wheaton Hills sounds like a nice community. I hope that kind of genuine community will be coming back because of Peak Oil and relocalization. Yeah seems nice. Do you like basketball?
 Another shooting at Walmart....so sad to see these things happening Yes, it is sad to hear about these things.  Do you think the world is getting worse or we are able to see it easier now that cameras are everywhere and the internet it available to all.
 Do you own a car? Yes I have a old cadillac that was named after french explorer antoine de la mothe
 hi, do you like cats? hey, they are ok but I must I I prefer dogs, what about you?
 My cousin got lyme disease from a tick.  She was really sick for a while. I have heard of people getting that too, it wasnt pleasant,, fever, headaches.  No thank you. 
 Hello, do you like cats? Im more of a dog person, what about you?
 Hey what do you prefer cats or dogs? I know that I personally don't like cats lol I like all animals, really. Cats are pretty harmless; by the time they've reached 15 years old, they've slept 10 of those years if you can believe it!
 Hello, do you like fish?  I enjoy eating fish! LOL. I do not have feelings either way about fish in the ocean.
 Hello - how are you doing today? Well thank you. Do you like soccer?
 Have you visited Washington DC? I never have but hope to one day. 
 So do you like soccer? I enjoy watching soccer when it's country versus country like the World Cup. I have not gotten into individual leagues as much.
 Hey how are you? You know who Kelly Towles is by chance? Hi!  I'm good.  I'm afraid I'm not familiar with her.  Where would I know her from?
 Hello do you follow soccer? Hi there, yeah I sure do, mostly the english league though.  How about you?
 Hey there have you ever seen the show The Walking Dead before? I used to watch it religiously and then I lost interest as the plots repeated ad infinitum.
 Hello, do you how much about Physics? i do not at all! what about you?
 Hi, are you a Walking Dead fan? My wife is beyond fan to fanatic on that show (I have tepid interest). Rick or any main characters death sends he into depression and anxiety. I watched a few of the first episodes.  I enjoyed the interactions among the humans, but having a mindless villain was not very interesting to me.  It appears to be losing viewers.
 Hello - how are you? Fine. What about you ? Most of the countries want to lift the trophy of FIFA.
 Hi!  Are you a soccer fan? Never really watched it to much. Its not nearly as popular here as it is around the world.
 Are you into FIFA World Cup soccer?   Hi there, yes I watch the World Cup. Do you know where it will take place in 2022?
 i had no idea that soccer is played by over 250 million players in over 200 countries.  neither did I. its the biggest sport in the world
 Hi there. What are your thoughts on VAR (video assistant referree) getting involved with sports like the world cup? It sounds like it is going to be used for everything!
 Hello there, do you play many video games? No not too many. My kids certainly do! How bout you?
 Do you like soccer? I'm not usually a fan, but I do like the watching The World Cup. I'm not liking the Video Assistant Referees though!
 Hey there! Did you know that Bill Nye "the science guy" got his starts in entertainment by winning a Steve Martin look-alike contest? Haha! I don't even think they look at all like each other! I don't think they look alike either! And Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role because he supposedly didn't have the presidential look.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like dogs? I do, I consider myself a dog person, do you like them?
 How's it going, do you like fish? I never knew that the term "fish" wasn't a formal taxonomic grouping Wow! I didn't either and yes I do love fish! Something else surprising about fish is a goldfish once lived to be 43 years old. Can you believe that?
 Hi, are you ready to chat? I am! Are you any good at physics? It's crazy that just the hair in "Brave" took 3 years of studying to get correct.
 Hi, how are you today?  Hard to believe modern human behavior started around 50,000 years ago!! I am great! How are you? We are not that old. We've been around a blink of an eye in terms of the planet. Are you characterized by erect posture and bipedal locomotion; high manual dexterity and heavy tool use? I sure am! 
 I think electricity is the civilizing force of our world. I too find electricity interesting. I was sad to hear of the death of Frances L. Lloyd, she was a scientist who helped come up with the concept of the volt.
 What entertainment do you enjoy? I like video games and sports. How about you?
 Hi! Do you ever watch soccer? You mean football!! Yes I love it.
 Do you like football? I'm a casual fan. I tend to only follow football during the World Cup, how about you?
 Hello.  Apparently New York's area code (212) was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone. Hi, I have heard that, but it's been so long since I've seen a rotary phone I'm not really sure it's true. It's like how they say you can't separate 2 phonebooks if you overlap them together. 
 Hi , do you like to travel? I do. I don't do it often enough but I really love going to new places. Did you know that instead of fetching baggage faster, airports just make you walk longer. It helps to stop the complaints.
 hey there, do you use the telephone much? Not as much as my cell phone but occasional my phone doesn't have service and I will. 
 Hello! How are you today? I'm great! Thanks! How are you? I was just reading about a chemical irritant in onion that burns people's eyes. 
 Hi! Do you ever cry when chopping onions for your dinner? No, I am a fish. Please help me! I am trapped in the airport bathroom in terminal B. Please come quickly, I fear someone will flush soon!
 Hello, do you know much about the internet? The internet  is the global system which connect all person in any part of the world.
 I just recently heard about a tearless onion variety called "Sunions".  Have you? No, I have not. Tearless onions? I guess that must be an important advancement for mankind. Who created them?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Hi, how are you?
 hi, do you use your phone much? All the time.  Usually not as a phone though, ironically enough.
 What do you do for entertainment? I enjoy bird watching, and gathering information on the bird species.
 Hi, do you read Dear Amy? Not usually. But I know people ask a lot of questions likeWhat to do with old shoes.
 Hello, do you like or watch baseball? Hi Yes i do like baseball
 do you like drama? I sure do. Do you like Jon Hamm?
 Hello, are you a fan of baseball? No not really, but its a bat and ball game right? Played between two opposing teams.
 Hey there do you like any dramas? Like on TV or in the movies? I do like some Drama shows, does the office count as Drama? Ellie Kemper took drama classes in high school
 Hello there, do you follow baseball at all? I know a little bit, I usually watch around tournament times.  I know it is so popular in Japan they were surprised America claimed it as their pastime.
 I love this time of year.  Baseball is just around the corner.  Are you a baseball fan? I LOVE baseball!! Did you know the reason baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. I think that would be a sight to see!
 Do you like drama? I love it. Do you ever watch House MD?
 Hi, how are you this evening? Ok. I got a lotta drama going on.  Perhaps not drama at the level of Aristotle's Poetics, but drama noetheless
 Hi, how are you doing? Good.  Hope you are doing well too.  Just received a call from NY area code 212.  Did you know that was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone?
 hi, do you enjoy reading? I do, do you read much?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like dogs? Yes. wolves, too - from a distance! They are related carnivores - the 1st species to be domesticated, I believe.
 hey, how are you Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You !
 Hi, how are you? Good! How are you? Did you know animals are considered multicllular eukaryotic organisms?
 hey there do you like animals? whats your favorite? Hi, I am a huge fan of dogs!  I am like Google, I strongly prefer dogs over cats.  It is interesting that their code of conduct explicitly says they are a dog company!
 Hello!  Do you listen to jazz? Not much honestly, there's always so much going on. They say it can make you smarter though
 Hi.  I heard recently that there is a sound frequency that automatically causes fear in humans.  Isn't that odd? That is very odd, I wonder if militaries around the world use it someway. 
 Did you know that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in house Interesting factoid. I remember that show. I think he probably deserved it because it was a really good show. Too bad it's now around anymore. You also see less of Jim Carrey nowadays, I was thinking. Remember him?
 Hello!  Do you like watching dramas? I do watch some here and there.
 Do you like jazz? Yes, Jazz is seen by many as Americas classical music.
 Hi do you watch association football? Yes I watch it sometimes. DO you know why it is called soccer here?
 Hey, do you follow the NBA? A little. I get tired of hearing about the $ these guys make...
 Hi, how are you? hi I'm good, do you like Lebron James?
 Have you ever been in Washington DC ? no i have not. well, ive been to the airport. doesnt really count. LOL
 Hello there, are you a fan of football? Hi, yes, I'm a football fan.  Are you?
 hey there how often do you travel? I just got back from Florida myself Not often enough, Ive been to half the states in the US, a few in Mexico but I want to see the world! I may leave Japan for last since all of Japans Highways are tolls, it must be pretty expensive
 If only I were in DC, I'd have twelve things to do.  I'll have to make a note for next time I'm there. Looks like they have a lot of fun there. There's a Winter Olympic celebration where you're supposed to wear Olympic sports gear or ski attire.
 What do you think about Pluto not being a Planet? To me it seems kind of disrespectful.  I think it does too. I will always think of Pluto as a planet.  There's a lot of odd things with planets. Uranus rotates on it's side so should that mean it's not a planet?
 Hi there! Do you like Star Wars? Hi! I don't though I do have respect for it. It's the second highest grossing film series of all time.
 Are you a big fan of watching basketball? Yes, I am. I'm Lakers fan from my childhood. And you?
 Hey how's it going. Are you a big dancer? It could be expensive because professional ballet dancers go through up to four pairs of shoes in a week. Hi, how are you? I am a terrible dancer! not terrific, terrible!
 Did you see Draymond Greens shirt after the NBA finals last year. He seems to like to ruffle feathers and talk smack. Yeah I think I remember seeing that, he has been at the center of some questionable stuff recently. 
 Do you like to use Google as your search engine? It's always been my favorite! Yes, Google all the way. Google is not only involved in search engines but in advertising technologies, cloud computing, software and hardware, too. 
 Do you like to travel much? I do when I can. What is your favorite mode of travel? Would you go on a commuter bus that is designed to travel at 160 mph?
 I am reading a great new book called The Last Cruise.  Have you read it? no I haven't, what is it about? someone's last cruise vacation? haha
 hi how are you? what do you think of this planet of ours? I think it is a great place to live, what about you? 
 Do you use Facebook? Hello, yes I use it a little bit. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great. How are you?
 Hi. Do you watch baseball? Not really, when I was young I did, lol
 Hi there! HOpe you are having a good day. Have you checked YouTube yet today? Yes today, a lot of people use YouTube as a search engine making it the second largest 
 Hey there! Can you believe that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode? Yes, I wish I had her job. Yes, that makes her the highest paid celebrity only after Lebron James.
 Do you have a Facebook account? Of course. More people have facebook accounts then the worlds population as recently as 200 years ago! Almost everyone uses it.
 Good morning!! Its extremely cold this morning!!The stars are warming up for the MLB All-star Sunday game!!! I hope it warms up by then!! Good morning! Yes it is very cold!  I've heard that Bill Nye and Jamie Foxx among others will be at the game.
 Do you like baseball?  I don't mind watching it but I'm not real knowledgable about it. Do you enjoy it?
 Hello, do you listen to jazz music? I do I love Jazz how about you?
 Hello, do you like comedy films? I do! I love bromantic comedies, that's a real genre! Harold and Kumar is an example. Do you like comedy films?
 Did you know that Soccer makes more than all the big US sports (NFL, MLB) does combined? Yes. Soccer makes more money than other sports. It was played in over 200 countries.
 Do you like drama movies or shows? Yes,  I love movies and tv shows, how about you?
 So do you know much about Casper? The friendly ghost?  Just kidding, I am thinking you are talking about the mattress company?
 Do you shop at target? I have but not recently. Did you know that they would price match amazon?
 Do you like Dramas?  I do! I love watching a good drama. You can really get lost in a well told one. 
 The Casper Sleep Shop sounds like a nice place to shop. Complimentary naps! I can't imagine falling asleep therein public though, haha.
 I am a dog lover, how about you? Yes! I have two dogs. Goldendoodle and Labradoodle.
 do you like drama? I love it, did you ever watch House MD?
 I've never been mattress shopping, but there's a new company that's opening a store and offering complimentary naps. I think that's a good way to ensure customer satisfaction Best way to experience the product is to take it for a test drive. It's on Broadway. That's probably a pretty nice part of Manhattan.
 Do you like drama shows and movies? Sure! I enjoy both dramas and comedies. What about you?
 Do you know much about computers? An average amount, I suppose. How about you?
 Hello do you like dance?4 I do not like to dance. i am a terrible dancer. 
 Good evening! I think dance is such a beautiful form of human movement! Do you like dancing? Hello there, I agree, I like to dance but know I am not very good, I think dancers are so impressive!
 Are you aware of these Cinderella ball done for kids with special needs. I have never heard of this. When and where does it happen?
 Hi! Did you know that humans probably had body hair up to 240,000 years ago? That's crazy I know right! Human fingers contain no muscles and are controlled by muscles in the arm and palm pulling on tendons
 I have recently become a soccer fan.  I never liked it growing up, but I have gained a new appreciation for it.  Do you follow the sport at all? As a matter of fact I am quite a fan of soccer, what do you follow?
 Hello!  Are you a soccer fan? No, not really. I travel to Europe  for work a few times a year so I've gone to some matches and had a lot of fun, but I haven't really gotten into the sport itself over there or here in the US (I've never attended a match here).
 Hi! Do you like basketball? Do you like soccer?
 Do you like reading?  I love to read!  How about you?
 Hello! Do you like to read? Yes, I love to read.  I am always read a book.  I am lucky to not be in the 18th century, when there was a moral panic over reading!
 I have had a Netflix account forever. Do you use Netflix? I love netflix.  I dont know what I would do without it!
 I had no idea that from 9pm to 12am, netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in north america. That makes sense,  everyone is home lol Netflix has a movie that is nothing but an hour long video of a fireplace - fireplace for your home
 Hi, how are you? Hello, did you know that disney recycles a lot of their animation frames, that results in identical scenes in some movies. 
 Do you use netflix? Sometimes although I don't pay for it anymore, I can see how netflix's growth is slowing
 Have you seen the Incredibles 2? I havnt seen it yet. Is it good.
 Good morning!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2 movie? Yes.  I love everything Pixar is a part of doing!
 Hi - have you seen the Incredibles 2 yet? ya I did see that, I thought it was ok, I do like the director Brad Bird what about you?
 D.C. area and all of its attractive locations, sure would be nice to visit it I totally agree with you. I would love to go to the National Museum of Natural History.
 Are you a fan of Bill Murray?  Yes I am. I think some of his movies have been really funny!
 Have you seen Incredibles 2? Do you find that it was as good as the first one? I think the 1st one was better but the cast of the 2nd part was great 
 Hi! Happy Wednesday! What do you do for entertainment? Hello there, I like to watch comedy movies, and sports. How about you?
 Hello - how are you doing today? Hi, How are you doing?  Are you familiar with Aaron Posner?
 What is your favorite form of entertainment ? I pretty much like all forms but if I had to choose a favorite, I'd say comedy. In fact, I love to watch comedy central but I really hate they've cancelled over 100 shows since the network started back in 89. What about you?
 I just got done watching the Incredibles 2, have you seen it? Oh nice. No I have only seen the first one. Looks good though, I think Brad Bird is a good director!
 I was wanting to visit the National Building Museum in the near future. I am looking for even more info than I already have though.  It is an awesome building, really nice, I can tell you that
 Morning! Are you a comedy fan? Morning! Yes, Some of it. Have you watched anything good recently?
 Hello!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2? Yes I have, I have two nephews that love it so I have seen it a few times.
 Hey good day! Are you a fan of the comedy genre? I am, I love watching comedies in the movies and on TV. How about you?
 Hi, there. How are you today? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? Yes I have, I have nephews that like the movie a lot.
 Did you watch The Incredibles 2? No, I haven't seen it. Looks interesting though. The present day events of the Incredibles are set in the 1960s. That's a great period for clothing and architecture. 
 Hi, how are you? Have you seen Incredibles 2? Good morning.  Yes, I saw it recently with the kids, it was a lot of fun.
 Hello, are you into animated movies? I sure am. Have you seen the Incredibles?
 Do you enjoy movies? Yea, I heard the Incredibles 2 was good and Brad Bird did a great job writing and directing it
 Just got done watching the Incredibles 2, have you seen it? No, I have not. Is it a good film?
 What do you do for entertainment? I like to watch tv and movies. I like comedy. How about you?
 Hi! Did you ever play Nintendo as a kid? My favorite was Super Mario Bros! Oh the memories! I liked the NES, but don't you think the graphics are a little bad ? Only 54 colors.
 Hey - have you ever seen the Incredibles 2? You know, I have not--I haven't seen an animated movie in ages. It seems like there was an awfully long time between the original and the sequel; I believe it was 14 years. Was it good?
 Do you enjoy movies? Yes, I do! Did you happen to see the Incredibles 2?
 Hello!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2? I haven't, have you? 
 Hi!  Whats your favorite form of entertainment? Hi! I honestly love them all! But in particular, I do enjoy the Comedy Central channel but absolutely hate that its cancelled over 100 shows since the network started back in 89. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? Hello!  I have!  Good sequel to the orginal one that came out in 2004.  Did you see it?
 I love comedy movies, how about you? Good morning!  Comedy is one of my favorite genres of movies too.  What would be your favorite comedy movie?
 Hi, have you ever seen the movie called the incredibles? Hello, yes I have seen that movie. It was great! Did you get to see it?
 I like many forms of entertainment including movies ,tv, reading, and video games. How about you? I like all those especially comedies.
 Have you seen the Incredibles 2?  I watched it last night - great Pixar flick Yes I have!! I love the Incredibles!!
 Incredibles 2 is an animated flim which is released in US on June 15, 2018 Yeah I have heard of it. We haven't seen it yet tho. Is it good.
 D.C. Dream Day looks like an intereting segment, how would you spend your perfect day? Probably going to the Imagination Stage with my kids.
 How is it going? Have you seen the movie the incredibles 2? No i haven't seen it yet but I have seen the first one and it was really good.
 Are you a comedy fan? Hi! I am as a matter of fact. I also love watching Comedy Central but hate they be cancelled over 100 shows since the network started back in 1989. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? Hello there, I have seen it, I thought it was good, how about you?
 Hi there! What do you like to do for entertainment?  Hello - I love to be outdoors. What about you?
 Hello there, do you watch many comedy films or tv shows? Who doesn't? Love movies
 How's it going? Did you know there's apparently a honey-cardamom-lavender flavored sorbet? Sounds crazy Going good and yourself?  I didn't know that about the sorbet.  It does sound interesting though.
 Do you like movies? Hi, yes I do.. my favorite are animation movies!
 Hey! Do you like comedy? Do you watch it? I love comedy. I watch a lot of stand-up and comedy movies.
 Hard to believe that it was 13 years before the incredibles sequel came out! I guess they needed to come up with a good story. Those films will be around forever, if they're good.
 Hi, do you like movies? Hello - I do. What about you?
 Hi!  Do you like comedies? Hi. Yes i do. I watched a  tv show called 3rd rock from the sun back in the day. Do you remember it?
 Have you ever heard of Aaron Posner?  He's a playwright that's doing some research on things to do in D.C. I have never heard of him before, sadly I do not know many modern playwrights.
 Hello - how are you doing today? Hello!  I'm good!  Do you eat tofu?  I've never tried it.
 Hello have you been to DC I would like to go there someday. What do you think of DC?
 So, what would be your version of a perfect day, does it include sorbet? I don't know about the perfect day including it but if it was offered I wouldn't turn it down. What about you?
 Good morning!  Have you seen the Incredibles 2? I have! Saw it last summer. I was a bit underwhelmed. I thought director Brad Bird was a bit more inspired with the first in the series back in 2004. 
 Hello, have you been to the Museum of Natural History before? No I haven't but I would like to go one day.  Have you been?
 Have you heard of the "D.C. Dream Day" series of interviews / articles in which Washington DC celebrities describe their "ideal day"? I haven't but that sounds cool! I have never been to DC.
 Hi! Are you a fan of the Incredibles 2? I am and particularly loved how the present day events in the film are set in the 1960s! That's a great period for clothing and architecture. I haven't seen the film though.
 I love Bill Murray, do you like him? Yeas, Bill Murray is an icon.  I just dont understand Kung Fu Hustle. 
 Have you seen the movie the Incredibles 2? I haven't got around to it yet, but I did see the first one! Have you?
 I love comedy central, do you watch it? No, they cancel way too many shows. 
 Hello - how are you today? I'm good!  Do you like to watch comedies?
 Hello. What do you like to do for entertainment? I used to watch Bill Nye the science guy who actually became famous because he won a steve martin lookalike contest! Hello there, I used to watch him too! I remember teachers wheeling the tv into the classroom to show episodes of his show back in grade school. 
 Hi, how are you? What kind of entertainment do you like? Well I like playing a lot of video games and I like watching movies. What about you? I remember playing the NES back in the day, apparently it only has about 54 colors that it can display
 Hello!  Have you ever visited Washington DC? Yes, for work though. I would like to see The Winter's Tale directed by Aaron Posner, seems like it will be good
 Hi!  What do you like to do for entertainment? I like to watch Netflix. How about you?
 Hello there, do you enjoy comedy movies or tv shows? Yes, I do. Have you seen the Incredibles or the sequel?
 Did you have a nintendo?  I did. I love that game system. What about you?
 Do you like comedy?  Hi, there. How are you today? Yes, I love comedies! Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy." What do you think?
 Hi, how are you? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? Good morning! Yes I have.  Are you familiar with it?
 Do you watch many comedies? I watch when I get the chance! I love comedies!
 What do you think of this universe that we live in? There is a theory that there is only one electron in the universe. That is pretty amazing. Another way says that maybe the universe is just a large hologram
 Hey did you watch the movie about Stephen Hawking? It was tragic to have him eventually pass away. In my opinion he is the most brilliant mind ever to be born, sad, a real tragedy we have lost a lot
 Hey, do you know if Craig T Nelson is still doing the voice over for the Dad in Incredibles 2? Yeah he is, he is part of the cast and the voice is the same one
 Hi, there. How are you today? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? I've heard good things about it. Hi, I did watch it. It is greattt!!
 Hello - how are you today? Im doing great how bout yourself.
 I love comedy movies, how about you? I do too, I like movies lilke Hangover or Meet the Fockers, great movies,
 Do you remember or did you see the 2004 animated film, The Incredibles?  I did, I liked that movie a lot
 Hi good morning. What do you like to do for entertainment?  I am a fan of comedies!  I love watching some stand up on netflix.  You?
 Hello, do you like comedy? I love comedy
 Hi how's it going. Have you ever visited Washington DC? I never have but it sounds nice. Lots of museums. Hello - it's going good. I have never been to Washington D.C. I would love to visit and check out all of the museums though.
 What do you think of the movie the incredibles? I like the franchise, the first movie was great, the second even better, do you like it?
 Do you like comedy? I do like comedy. I like different forms of comedy from political satire to parody.  Do you like comedy?
 Have you seen the new incredibles movie? yea i saw it last week and loved it, have you?
 There are many things to do in the D.C area do you agree? I've have never been to D.C. but I imagine that there is a lot to do.
 Hi. Have you seen the movie the incredibles? I have! I saw it last week and loved it. have you?
 Hi, Did you watch the incredible 2? I haven't, have you? 
 Hello there, do you enjoy watching comedy shows or movies? Yes, I like comedies. How about you? Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". What do you think?
 Are you a fan of Bill Murray?  Not really I think i have not seen much of his movies. but he seems like a funny person.
 What sort of things do you do to entertain yourself? I do plenty! depends on the mood and day. I enjoy playing video games and movies! How about you?
 What entertainment do you enjoy? Lots. Love to go to museums, movies, you name it. By chance, have you ever been to Washington, DC? With kids? Or would you like to visit?
 Do you know anything about Pixar films? ya there are some PIxar movies I like like Finding Nemo, I liked Incredibles 1 but I didn't really like 2 though, you?
 I wonder if you would consider eating healthy as being sometimes in your perfect day? I would think so!  Playwright-director Aaron Posner pondered the same question.
 Hi.  Do you like visiting D.C.?  Aaron Posner, a playwright, is researching things to do there. I do its one of my favorite places, so many things to do over there
 Hello there, do you enjoy comedy movies or tv shows? I do enjoy them both. What about you? I love Comedy Central but hate that they have cancelled over 100 shows since the network began in 1989.
 Hello, what are interested in: Incredibles 2, Entertainment, or Comedy? Lets start with The Incredibles 2, I loved that movie.
 Have you seen the new incredibles movie? Hi! Yes! Love that movie! Did you know it was a video game before a movie?! 
 Hi.  Have you ever seen the movie the incredibles? I saw the Incredibles I and want to watch the sequel, what about you?
 Hi there, do you watch movies? Hello, yes I do. And you? Have you seen the Incredible I or II?
 Ever been to Washington, DC? With kids? Or would you like to go sightseeing in our nation's capitol someday? Not really. I could have gone in 8th grade but I got sick and was in the hospital. How bout you.
 good morning. Good morning!  Did you see the Incredibles 2?
 Morning! A fan of comedy? Sometimes. I used to watch Comedy Central back when it started in 1989.
 How are you? Have you ever watched the Incredibles 2? Im well.  I haven't but I want to.  I loved the first one.  you?
 Hi, there. How are you today? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II? No I have yet to see the Incredibles despite the fact it was released way back in 2004, have you?
 The D.C area sure has a lot of attractions I do not know it well. What would you recommend?
 Do you like movies? Hi! Happy Humpday! Yes, as a matter a fact, I do. I Love Comedy, one of my Favs would be The Green Lantern. How about you?
 Do you enjoy comedy? I do, it is one of my favorite things to watch.  Especially the specials they have on Comedy Central.
 Do you like comedy? Yes, comedy is great! Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". What do you think?
 Do you like comedy? Sure.  I used to watch the Comedy Channel back when it came out in 1989.
 What sort of entertainment do you enjoy? I enjoy Netflix and some old school video games.  You?
 Hi. Do you like movies? Have you seen Incredibles 2? Hi, I enjoy movies. I have seen Incredibles 1 but not 2 yet. Have you seen it?
 Morning, a comedy fan? Hi, how are you? Yes, I am a comedy fan. Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". What do you think?
 What forms of entertainment do you like? well I'll tell you I do like video games, I played the original NES when I was young, what about yoU?
 Hello, do you watch animated movies? I sure am, and you? Have you seen the Incredibles?
 Hi, do you like movies? I watch movies now and again, when I get the time, weekends mainly.
 hey did you know there is a theory that theres only 1 electron in the whole galaxy? Hi there, I think I have read that, very interesting.  I think it is fun to ponder some of those theories. 
 Hello there, are you a fan of comedy shows or movies? Hi, there. How are you today? I love movies!  Have you seen the movie Incredibles II?
 Hi, did you play the original Nintendo as a kid? Yes, I did. Things have advanced so much since then!
 Hi how are you doing! Have you seen the Incredibles movies? I have seen the first but not the second which is directed by Brad Bird. I seen the first one too, but haven't got around to watching the second one. Apparently the current events in the movie are set in the 1960's.
 Hello - how are you today? I'm great! How are you? Do you every play video games?
 The D.C. area  is full of entertainment Yes.  I agree.  They did a movie where called DC Dream Day where they asked their favorite people in the area to how they would like to spend a perfect day in the district.  Have you seen it?  I haven't.
 Hi. You watch incredibles 2 movie? Havent seen it yet. My kids have though.
 Hello - how are you today? I'm doing great! How are you?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like comedy? Hello - I'm doing great thank you. I love comedy, what about you?
 Hello, how are you today? I'm great! How are you? Have you seen the movie Incredible II?
 Hello. Say, have you ever been to Washington, DC, our "nation's capitol"? With kids? Or would you like to go sightseeing there someday? I havnt been there yet. I hear its pretty cool though.
 Do you like watching comedies? Hey! Yes, I like so much. In fact, about 50% of all movies I watch would be comedies. How about you?
 HAve you ever been to DC? I have been to the D.C area, many interesting things to do over there, what about you
 Animated superhero film are very interesting to watch because they need lot of creativity to design such a character. Thats true. Plus they are usually very funny or action packed. My son loves them.
 Hi good morning! Have you seen the movie Incredibles? I saw the first one, but not the second.  I liked it a lot.
 Hello im traveling to the DC area this weekend, have you been there before? maybe you can recommend me some attractioins in the area I heard they have 3 theaters that are amazing.
 Have you watched any of The Incredibles movies? I saw the first one.  It was good.  I have no idea who Sara Vowell is.
 Entertainment has changed a lot over the years Yes, I agree, I didn't know Bill Nye looked like Steve Martin?
 I'm digging that Incredible 2. You seen it? Are you kidding? its one of my favorite movies Im like the #1 fan
 Hi!  Do you like comedy? Yes i do!
 Do you enjoy movies? Hi, there. How are you today? Have you seen the movie Incredibles II?
 The DC are is an interesting place  I agree.It looks interesting
 Do you watch a lot of comedies? Yeah I love them how bout you.
 Hi. Have you, by chance, ever visited our nation's capitol in Washington, DC? With children? Or would you like to visit the sights, museums, monuments there someday? i actually have visited washington dc and i loved it. it was amazing.
 Good morning.  Just wondering, would you consider lots of healthy eating as being part of your perfect day? I would say that it is key to a long life. And a good start to every day.
 Hello - how are you today? I'm doing pretty good, and yourself?
 Are you a fan of Comedy?  I do. According to Bill Murray, Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement in modern age of comedy
 Hello - have you ever seen the Incredibles 2? Yeah, I liked both. I like sarah vowell, the voice of violet parr, 
 Do you think the universe may be one giant superhologram?  Some scientists do. I think that is a good theory yes.  I guess there is also a theory that there is only one electron in the whole universe. 
 Are you interested in the study of the universe/space? On a macular level, yes.  But, I tend to not enjoy the sub-atomic conversations.  I much prefer the big picture of how it was formed.
 Are you a dog person? Yes, I love dogs, I was especially sad to read about Piper, the collie who died because of cancer and she worked at one of the airports to chase critters off runway.
 Hi, how are you? I'm kind of sad to be honest. Hearing that a dog died really ruined my mood.
 How's it going, do you like dogs? They are members of the Canis famillaris I do like dogs!  Did you know that they are not color blind as many people think they are?
 Hello!  Just got back from taking my dog for a walk. What kind of dog is it?
 hey did you hear theres a theory that there is only one electron in the entire galaxy? No I have not.  That seems pretty insane.  I do know that the universe used to not be see through at all
 The universe is so vast and interesting. Do you find universal science interesting? Yes, I know a lot about it actually. Do you know who Carl Sagan is? 
 do you like taylor swift? Somewhat. Did you know she owns a private jet?
 Are you a Taylor Swift fan? Hi, yes I am a fan have been ever since she started out singing Country. How about you?
 Hi are you a fan of Taylor Swift? I like some of her songs.  Are you a fan?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hi there. Do you like Taylor Swift?
 Do you play any chess? Yes, but I am a novice. I am not ready to play the 3-player version yet, or anything that challenging! How about you?
 Hi, how are you today? I guess Taylor Swift did a remake of "Earth, Wind and Fire." Oh boy. Im fine thanks for asking. Not Taylor again. Have you heard the song?
 Hello! How are you today? I am well, how are you?
 Do you play chess? Yes, I love it. It is one of the greatest board games ever.
 Have you ever been in the DC area? I have, I was there a long time ago for my middle school trip, what about you?
 Any plans this summer  Hey. Just relax and travel maybe. I want to learn to dance. It would be cool to do the moonwalk which was developed in 1955.
 Seems like there is a lot to do in DC this weekend. There is a Renaissance Festival. Have you been to one of those? I have not been to a Renaissance Festival, but I have seen snapchat and instagram stories of people dressing up in the Renaissance style.
 Hey!  Do you like to dance? Good morning, no I'm not much of a dancer. I would like to go watch the dancers at the Bachata Festival, I hear they have some of the best Latin dancers, ever performing.
 Hello! What kind of movies do you like? I like crime dramas; You?
 do you like comedy? I do. Did you knew Drew Carey was in marine corps for 8 years?
 Hi Are you a big fan of Netflix!  I love to bin watch it during the winter. I don't watch Netflix, but I do bing watch a number of different shows.
 Hello do you like netflix? don't really watch it.  I go with youtube. Checked out a tom hanks flick there recently
 Tom Hanks has been in some of the greatest movies ever. Oh,yes, he is awesome, I like to watch his movies on Netflix, did you know that Netflix is in Los Gatos , California?
 Hi, are you into rap? Some say it goes back to Muhammad Ali with his ad-lib poetry... That's very interest. I am in to some types of rap.Did you know before eminem became a rapper he wanted to be a comic book artist?
 Hi there. Hope you are having a great evening! Are you watching Netflix? Not right now but I am a subscriber one of the 58,46 subscribers in America, what about you?
 Could you live without the internet? Hey, there's no way lol. I work in IT too. What do you think?
 How are you, do you like Rap? Rapper Meek Mill was recently released from jail and caught a 76ers game I don't know who that is, i haven't listen to rap for years. 
 hey did you know there are no snakes in New Zealand? I did not, I did know the fear of snakes is hard wired in our brains.
 Hi! Are you into musicals? Hello there, no not really, I am into music, but not so much the musicals I would say.  How about you?
 Hello do you have a favorite instrument? I actually do, I love the piano and you?
 Hello.  How are you?  Have you seen the musical Waitress?  I haven't but I love Sara Bareilles.   Hey I haven't seen it yet, I'll have to check it out, how are you btw?
 Hi, do you like the piano? I can listen to the piano when I'm in the mood, would love to be able to play.
 Do you like dogs? Everyone likes dogs! Of course you do! Do you? lol hello,  Yes I love dogs!  We just recued one from the pound not too long ago. 
 Hello,  does poetry and books interest you?   Hello! I love poetry. Interesting that David GRUBBS HAS DONE SO MUCH!
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you like poetry? There is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring. That sounds really interesting.  What do you think about the man called Demetri Martin who wrote a 224 word palindrome poem?
 Have you heard of David Grubbs before? never heard of him before, I believe he is a famous musician, who is he?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like dogs? Do you like to read? Im trying to get my kid to read more
 hello Hello Do you know Factual section?
 Do you like poetry? You like poetry, it's interesting that the word poetry comes from the Greek term poesis which means making
 Did you watch BlacKkKlansman? Hi, no have not seen it but I would love to. What about you?
 How are you? Did you know that Ralph Lawrence Carr was the only governor to oppose internment of Japanese Americans? What a shame Yeah, I remember hearing that. It's crazy that he was the only one.
 Hi. Do you follow politics?  Texas elected their first female governor before some states had even ratified the 19th amendment! Hello - I do follow politics a little. That's pretty cool Texas elected their first female governor before some states ratified that amendment.
 Hi, have you seen BlacKkKlansman? It's the movie about the black detective who infiltrated the Klan. No, I haven't heard of it. Is it any good? 
 hey how are you today? good; did you vote for your governor at midterms
 Hey there what do you think about the rapper Jay-Z? Not a big fan, but he and Beyonce are pretty powerful couple in the entertainment field, I'll give them that.  
 Do you like dance? I like watching the beautifully choreographed moves, but am not a good dancer myself. I'm not too good of a dancer, but I try. I used to try to replicate Michael Jacksons moves, but that didn't go over too well for me. 
 Hi! Do you like to read? I think it's great because it provides an escape. I love to read. I read to exercise my brain. Do you read fast?
 hello how are you? I'm doing great. Do you dance?
 Hello.  Do you watch the world cup? I do!  I love it, too band it is on just every 4 years.
 Hey there do you ever watch the NBA? I guess their headquarters is located in New York I do like the NBA, and I didnt know they had their headquarters in NY, thats and interesting fact I  guess
 Hello,I was just thinking about the NBA and its players.Have you heard of Kevin Durant? Yeah, he's a great player I've heard he's a bit of a hothead though
 Hey! So are you into Basketball, I am a LEBRON fan! Oh, cool. I am too. Yeah, basketball is great. I like the NBA mostly. 
 Do you use amazon ? I do because I live in the middle of nowhere, but I feel guilty about it because of the crappy way they treat their workers. Do you?
 Are you into celebrities? I'm not a big fan of celebrity culture. I think it's harder than it looks to be famous. There are some who don't deserve it. I know Judge Judy makes a ton of money on her show!
 Hello.  Do you shop at Amazon? I do, one of my favorite stores, do you?
 Hey you a fan of celebrities? I think it's funny thinking about them. So wealthy! Yes, it's pretty outrageous to think about how much they get paid for just existing in some instances; some aren't even talented! Paris Hilton was actually in the Guinness Book of World Records for "most overrated celebrity"
 Hello! How are you today? Im great! how are you?
 do you use facebook much? I do actually, did you ever use myspace?
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Facebook? Hi! I do use Facebook. In fact, I'm one of the 2.2 billion active users each month as of January of 2018. Ha! What about you?
 Hello how are you. Well, thanks, but tired of being targeted by scammers, who prey on people my age!
 Do you use Facebook much? I used to but I am trying to limit it. I would delete it altogther but I need it for work. Do you use it much?
 Hello, How are you? Do you shop at Amazon? 3 times a week. I would love to see if that clock last for 10000 years
 hello, how are you? Hello. I'm good. Did you know that Facebook is blue because Zuckerberg is red-green colorblind? Pretty interesting.
 Do you use Facebook? I used to, I stopped about 5 years ago. Hard to believe its been 14 years since it was launched.
 Hey do you use google much?  Yes!  I use it to look up a lot of stuff. How about you?
 Are you familiar with what a prime minister is?  Yes, kind of like a president in parliamentary systems
 Hi, how are you doing today? Ok, how about you?  Just listening to President Trump speak about the wall and the budget funding deal.  The Democratic Party (one of the two major parties) will surely not back this.
 Hi, do you listen to the radio much? Hello, I do actually. I haven't had any luck finding an am station that's pickup up the storms from Jupiter, though.
 Do you watch a lot of basketball? I dont. i do like basketball though. it is a fun sport.
 hi how are you? what do you think about tom hanks? I love tom hanks. Do you like him?
 Do you enjoy piano music?  I love to listen.  Did you know that in 1930 one day there was no news that was worthy of reporting so they broadcast piano music I do love listening to jazz. Boy, what a nice day that would be-no bad news, just piano music!
 Would you vote if you had to walk through tiger-infested forests on the way as occurs in india? No, Do you like Tom Hanks?
 hi how are you? do you like sports? I do like sports yeah, swimming is one of my favorite ones. 
 Are you a piano fan? Hey there!  I have never known how to play piano, but I have always been fascinated.  Must be something to it if it is till around after 300+ years!
 hey did you know that baseball managers can actually play for their teams if necessary? That's why they wear uniforms?
 Have you noticed that Tom Hanks is never a bad guy in his films? Apparently he refuses to play the villain role. I actually never noticed that but come to think of it, I can't recall him ever playing a bad guy. I suppose when you're the highest ranked box office star of all time, you can play whatever role you want!
 I was surprised to learn the piano was invented in 1700. For some reason I thought it was way earlier than that! I was surprised too. They say the piano wasinvented in 1700 but the year is uncertain.
 hi how are you? do you like sports? I do, any favorite sports?
 hello,  do you vote? I've been known to, what about you? I wish we could do it remotely.
 Hello.  Do you play piano? No I wish, I tried though.
 Do you like to dance I do, though I dont do it well.  Lol.  You?
 The Fringe festival sure looks like a nice event to attend I would check it out. I guess there is sex talk in there. That sounds really screwy
 Helo do you like SHakespeare's work? I love his work actually. He even popularized many words and phrases we use today
 Do you have any interest in Shakespeare? I took a college course on his works a few years ago He's that fellow that wrote all them plays. No, I don't know much about him.
 Are you into social media, like Facebook? All the time my friend, you?
 Hi are you a fan of Netflix? Don't subscribe regularly, but admire company's 2007 business decision to introduce streaming media. Smart move?
 Hi there!  Do you like guitars? I like listening to them!  Dunno too much about them though.. how about yourself?
 do you like the guitar? Yes I do. DId you know Van Halen once played it so much that is set the speakers on fire?
 You ever seen the Hotel Transylvania series?  It's not too bad, it's about a vampire that runs a hotel for monsters and his daughter falls in love with a human, and all kinds of wackiness ensues.  Adam Sandler does the voice of Dracula. Good Afternoon!  I've seen all of them - my kids love the series and I thought they were pretty good too!  Great voice cast 
 Ever been to Washington D.C.? hey I have been there, it was a long time ago, what about you?
 Hello. Did you know that over 80% of the land in Nevada is owned by the federal government? I have read that somewhere once before.  Dont know how true it is.  Governments around the world do crazy things.  The CHINESE GOVERNMENT actually censored the word censorship!  how nuts is that?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Ready for a chat? Hey there yes I am, what do you think about our current government? Isn't it scary that they tried to destroy WikiLeaks
 Hi! Did you follow politics? Hello there, I do follow, but not super closely, how about you?
 So, been reading about Netflix, man wish I had that service again, had it YEARs ago when it was DVDs.. Well they have totally changed the way we watch movies and the good thing is everyone is on it except you :)
 hi how are you? do you use netflix? I do in fact use Netflix. Do you happen to know who the founders of Netflix were?
 Hi!  How much do you know about our wonderful Planet? I know that its the 3rd planet from the Sun and the only planet to harbor life.
 Hello! Did you know Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for just 75 million in early 2005. Hello!  Wow did they miss the boat on that.  Bet whoever made the decision regrets it!
 Hello how are you?  can you believe Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook for $75 million in early 2005 Hi I am good and wow thats crazy.I cant believe its been around since 2004.
 Are you a user of social media, like Facebook? Hi, how are you? I don't use social media much. Do you?
 Is so sad how that girl died, she was barely 16. It is terrible on how our future society is, violence and killing.
 Aren't you gald the mid terms are over? Very I find the ancient athenians idea of elections intriguing. Seems like they were on to something. 
 Hey there do you ever use Facebook? I used to use it a lot but not really anymore I used to a lot more but I still do! I liked it when they did promotions, like Burger King used to give you a free whopper for unfriending 10 people. 
 Hey how are you, did you watch 13 Reasons Why by chance? I did, I loved that series kind of dark but great. Did you watch 13 Reasons Why
 Do you watch Netflix ? i used to watch it. it was great. do you watch it?
 Does the fluctuations in the stock market over the past couple of months give you heart attacks? It doesn't make me feel great. I will tell you that. I heard that the sell-off probably isn't over yet...could get worse!
 Hello there, do you follow the stock market much? As a matter of fact.  Yes I do!
 Are you a fan of leBron james? Cant say that I am, but I certainly respect his talent.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like the NBA? Yes I do. Yes I love LeBron James. He is averaging 27.4 points a game.
 Good morning Good morning. How are your investments today?
 Hey how are you, do you watch the NBA at all? I'm a big fan!  One of my all time favorite players is Reggie Miller.
 Hello.  Do you like lebron james?  I heard he's the highest paid celebrity in the country. I have heard of him as a basketball player but I do not watch much basketball.
 Hi, do you like jazz? Jazz good. It is much better than a stick in the eye.
 do you use the internet a lot? I sure do. Do you know what the hamburger button is?
 I don't understand why it took people who are sexually assaulted so long to get the support they deserve. I agree. We need to suppport them more.
 Howdy - do you know much about the internet? Yes. It is a global system of interconnected computers that use TCP IP to link devices worldwide.
 hey hows it going, do you like horror films? I do like them, I dont scared easy so I find them entertaining
 Hey partner. You hear about Disney casting Jack Whitehall as a gay character? Hi, i just learned about that! i have always admired Disney as a company
 Do you like horror films? I cant say I am a fan. I tend to prefer comedy
 Do you like horror films? You mean like Bambi?  I am a sensitive soul, like Stephen King, and feel Bambi was the first horror film I ever watched.
 Hi there, do you use the internet much? I use it daily, what about you?
 Disney is my favorite company, I love Mickey, Minnie and well many of the franchises I can't say I'm the biggest fan of disney. I used to like them but I don't like all the new rebranding they are doing. 
 Hi, are you a Katy Perry fan? I do like some of her music.  I think its neat that she has 11 grammy noms.
 How's it going? Did you know by revenue that Walt Disney Company is the largest conglomerate? I did not know that, I know they've been successful with movies recently, the whole Marvel thing and Star Wars.
 have you ever seen American Idol?  No.  I am not really into reality TV.  I've read somewhere that Disney picked it up from ABC.  Do you think that changed how the show played out?
 Hi there, do you like to travel? Oh yes. I love to travel. How about you.
 Do you travel a lot? Not as much as I'd like. I'd like to go to Japan but I guess I wouldn't travel by land as the tolls alone would be $300 to travel across the country.
 How's it going? Did you know amazon was founded all the way back in 1994? Yes, I've heard that. The first customer they had spent only $27.95.
 Do you use Amazon prime?  I do use it, it is so amazing, how about you?
 Do you like to travel?  I do actually, what about you?
 hey there, do you ever buy from amazon? ALL THE TIME! I have Prime and I order way too much from them. You?
 The fact that Amazon workers walk 7-15 miles a shift is one of the most damning things I've heard about them. As a company Amazon has a come a long way as a online bookstore to the largest online retailer it is now. However, you don't hear many good things about worker conditions for amazon
 Hello!  Don't you love Amazon?  I can't believe Amazon has grown so much.  The first Amazon customer spent $27.95 and got a building named after him.   That is pretty cool. I am surprised that Amazon workers walk between 7 and 15 miles each day as part of their shift. I always wondered what a processing plant looked like.
 do you shop online? Yes and my favorite store is amazon, and you?
 Do you know who Jeff Bezos is?  Ah yes, is that the Amazon guy? I heard about his clock being built into the side of a mountain and I am quite jealous!
 Do you like mayonnaise?  I do like it on certain sandwiches.  I guess it's binary in that people either like it or don't. I do, Hellmanns is one of my favorie brands, I hear they want to make a mayo ice cream, crazy idea
 Hello there, your thoughts on Ed Sheeran?  I think he has a pretty good voice. I know he is a singer/writer but I'm unfamiliar with his work. I know he thinks Eminem is his biggest musical influence. 
 Hey, do you know Ed Sheeran? Hello, have you tried the mayonnaise ice cream? No, sorry. I don't.
 Do you read the terms of agreement when buy a product online? No not really, I dont think anyone does, do you read them?
 Hello, do you like dogs? I do like dogs. I have two at home. What about you?
 Have you ever seen "The House With a Clock in its Walls'? No but I definitely want to see it. I know it stars Jack Black.
 hello, how are you? hey, i'm fine and you?
 I did not know that the gray wolf, now extinct, was vastly different than modern wolves. That information was new to me too. I wasn't aware that the elephant and dog are the only animals that understand pointing.
 Do you use the internet a lot? I don't think there is anyone in a first-world country that doesn't. Even the library of Alexandria has a saved copy of it.
 Hey how are you doing, ever use the internet for stuff besides turkin it? Oh yeah.  I look up stuff all the time like what is that 3 horizontal line icon called.  It's called a "hamburger".  Makes me hungry now.
 How's it going, are you one of the people who is addicted to the internet? I am one that says I know when to stop (but can't), so maybe? haha how about you?
 Hi, how are you today ? Staying warm ?  Trying just watching some netflix.. Kyle Kinane is hilarious.. One of my favorite comedies. 
 Do you like comedy? I do like comedy, have you heard of Kile Kinane? he is a pretty decent comedian.
 Hello, are you a fan of fiction novels? Yes, I do.  I like stories that are based on imagination.
 Denis Johnson died, but he sure left a legacy behind, its sad but thats go life goes sometimes That's so correct.  Were you a fan?
 Hi how's it going! What kind of music do you like? I remember when I used to buy cd's, and it's still hard to believe that vinyl's are still being used today! Hey, I'm good, thanks. How is your day? Yes, I'm also old enough to remember CD lol 
 hi, do you like music? hi, yes I do, what about you? I love that Led zeppelin made an album with no title just to mess with the rock press
 What do you think about Golf? It is odd that it is not played on a standard playing field.
 have u heard of the  Anaheim Ducks ? I have. Always reminds me of the Mighty Ducks Movie everytime I hear them. lol
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well, thanks. Have you ever been to Washington? They have cool attractions like the East Potomac Miniature Golf
 Hello. how are you Hello, I'm great thank you. Do you like animals?
 Do you like golf? Not really because they waste too much water for the courses
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  Do you watch much television?
 Do you watch alot of television?  I was just reading an article that said that when south park aired its final episode the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew Yes i watch. I bet Bart was in the final episode too
 Hi, do you use the word tele or telly instead of television? I tend to use the abbreviation T.V. and just say the letters. I think it is more of a regional thing though. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing good. Have you seen the film Thor? It's pretty good. 
 did you use nintendo? Did you noticed that nintendo system could display only 54 colors? No I wasn't really into Nintendo. I am more the music, film, dance type person.
 how are you? do you have any interest in Space? I find Mars pretty cool, it was named after the Roman god of war Hi, how are you? Mars is interesting. Sounds have a higher pitch there than on Earth because of the atmosphere.
 I thought it was very interesting that a married couple created the baseball schedule for 24 years I don't know much about baseball.  Can you tell me more about that?  You mena they created the game schedule?
 Hi are you a baseball fan? Not really but i appreciate the sport. How about you? 
 What types of entertainment do you enjoy? Hi all kinds. I still play my NES. The system only displays 54 colors but games like Mario 3 never get old.
 What entertainment do you enjoy? I enjoy many kinds. Now I generally enjoy music and movies. In the past I played video games. You?
 I'm laughing at the idea of trying to take that recording off the Internet. Just guarantees that a hundred times as many people will listen to it who wouldn't have ever known about it otherwise. You familiar with the Streisand Effect? I certainly have.  Alyssa Milano's mother tried to get rid of her nude shots and they were from major movies!  MLB is fighting a losing battle.
 hello, lets talk about cars. The used to carry real trunks on the back of cars, that is why we call the back of the car that to this day Car is automobile wheel to carry human in safe and comfortable way.
 Did you hear that Scott Kelly had 7 percent of his genes that did not return to normal after his long stint in space? He's the astronaut that had the 340 day mission to the International Space station, right?
 How much do you know about the earth? I am an inhabitant of it. Does that count? Do you know a lot about it?
 Hello! Are you into cars? I like Cadillac a lot. It was named after French explorer Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac who founded Detroit.
 Hi how are you. Do you like science? I enjoy science, I was just reading about the Earth, Humans, and Travel
 Hi are you into astronomy? Did you know you can see 5 planets with the naked eye? 6 if you have perfect vision and are in a really dark sky. No I did not know that, which ones ?  
 Hi there, do you like cars? I have a passing knowledge of cars.
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm hanging out watching some Fox News.  Doing good thanks. Do you like Bill Cosby?
 Hi!  How do you feel about Bill Cosby? It's complicated. If he did what they claim, he's getting what he deserves. 
 Hello there, are you a big music fan? Heck yeah. I listened to Nudes by Lucius early today. They are a pop folk duo .
 Hello!  What do you think about the moon? I like seeing it out my bedroom window when it's full. Funny that NASA interns tried to sell stolen rocks. Reminds me of the subplot in Jurassic Park.
 The moon is an amzaing astronomical body that orbits our planet, its beautifull!! I agree.  Isn't it amazing that it's highest point is higher than earth's?
 Hello did you know that an iphone has more computing power than an entire us nuclear icbm deterrent? That actually scares me...Hopefully our enemies have less technology than an Iphone.
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I am fine. What is your favorite album? Mine is Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park, its also the best selling album of the 21st century.
 hey my friend have you ever been to a summit? No, I have not. Have you? Seems like it would be fun?
 hey there have you ever visited a summit before? I havent, either the meeting or the mountain type.
 Hello,  did you know that the iphone has more computing power than a us nuclear icbm deterrent? Yes, and the iphone is also much better for chatting and web surfing. do you have an iphone?
 hi, do you like reading? Yes, Reading makes our brain more active.
 Hi do you ever read fiction? I know that I don't read I just listen to a lot of audiobooks personally I actually do. Did you wiki has a page where they list the fictional characters according to their powers?
 Hi How are you today? Hi! i am good. I am sitting reading and writing. do you like reading?
 Have you ever read Ender's Game?  It is supposedly on the suggest reading list for some US military organizations. No, I haven't read that. I have heard of it, but I don't typically like military fiction. I do enjoy some science fiction. 
 Are you a fan of Drake? Oh yeah I think he is very talented and has made a ton of hit songs.
 Hey there how you doing? I think learning about space is fascinating. There are so many planets in our solar system. I am doing well, how about you?  Yes it is!  Did you know that Jupiter's moon Ganymede would be a planet if it orbited the Sun?
 Do you own a car? Yes, I  do.  It's hard to find public transportation in our area.
 Have you ever tried making your own clothing? I have not, I feel I don't have the skills. I would  probably look like a pilgrim if i did. Do you?
 That Paul Manafort is quite the character don't you think? To be honest I have no idea who he is. What did he do.
 Are you addicted to clicking  links on the intenet? No not yet but it is scary to know that that can actually happen
 Hi, how are you? Well thank you. Do you enjoy any form of entertainment like hockey or driving?
 Hi. Do you like comedy movies? I love comedy movies, especially bromantic comedies like pineapple express
 I really enjoy drama in the arts. How about yourself? I do too, but I love comedy because comedy films usually have a happy ending. 
 The dutch people have public transport that goes up to 160MPH!!!!! Hello - that's very fast!
 What do you like to do for fun or as entertainment? Travel is a good thing.  I like places that are different.  I want to go to Japan and drive on the highway.
 Hi, do you like to read? i love to read. i think it is a great way to pass the time. Do you?
 good morning to you! A good morning to you too my friend. What are your thoughts on the piano? It has definitely been around a while as it was invented in Italy around 1700.
 Hi, how are you? Good, except it appears that I have lost my garden gnome. I hope whoever took it will bring it back...perhaps with photos. Other than that, I am good. You?
 Hi how are you? I'm doing amazing today, Are you a big fan of comedy films?
 Hi. What kind of telephone do you have? Well I mostly use a cellphone. I don't even have a house phone anymore, what about you
 do you use your phone much? All the time. Do you know why NY area code is 212?
 hi how are you? do you like robots? Yes, I guess.  I used to program them.  Wild that Michael Jackson planned to build a 50 foot one to roam the desert by Vegas.
 Hey, how are you? Do watch horror movies? I love Horror Movies, especially Stephen King, you?
 Hey good morning. Do you like the horror genre? I think it's funny it seeks to elicit fear! I've only recently started to watch horror movies. I was never allowed to watch them as a child but I find them so interesting now. Did you know that you can even burn calories watching them!?
 hi how are you? what do you think of our friend the Sun? Massively large and scary while being the most important energy source for life on Earth lol
 Good morning, do you enjoy watching comedies? Yes! Comedy is my favorite genre. What about you?
 Do you use the internet much? i do. i am probably addicted at this point.
 Hello, do you like horror films? Yes, I love them. What about you? I think the scariest I've seen was The Descent about people like creatures that live down deep crevasses in the earth.
 Can you imagine a commuter bus traveling at 160mph, like the dutch are creating. That would destroy my concept of buses.  I guess it's better than spending $300+ on tolls in Japan. 
 Do you do crosswords?  I hear there are tournaments for people that are really into them. Yes, I like crosswords but only the short to medium words.
 Hello - how are you doing today? Doing well.  Thanks for asking.  Are you into crossword puzzles?
 Hows it going, do you like to travel much? I love to travel are the country in my car hi, how are you? I love to travel when i have the time and money. which is not often. where do you go in your car?
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Did you know The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. No.  I can see why it would be though.  Have you read about the Chinese cheating in the ratings of music?
 Hello, do you know much about the internet? Of course I do.  I would be lost without it.  lol
 Hi, are you an Ariana Grande Fan? I am not but I do not hate her. What about you?
 How you been? Did you know the interned consists of private, public, academic, business, and goverment networks linked together? Yeah thats cool! The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Hello Hi! Do you like dogs?
 How are you? Did you know youtube was founded by 3 former PayPal employees? Yeah!  Chad Hurley, Steve Chen, and Jawed Karim I believe.  way back in 2005.
 Hello, How are you? Do you use U tube? I do, it's my search engine basically. 
 Hey there! How's it going? Do you enjoy using YouTube? Hi there! I do use youtube pretty frequently- really entertaining! How about you?
 Do you have children that watch Youtube? My grandchildren watch Youtube.
 Hello there, do you use Youtube much? I do, very frequently.  However, I havent run into momo.
 Hi! Do you like baseball? Hi, yes I am a die hard Blue Jays fan as well as MLB in general. You?
 do you like baseball? I love it. Do you know where the albuquerque isotopes got their name from?
 Hey there. What are your thoughts on Lebron going to the Lakers? I personally didn't like it. Lonzo Ball on the other hand wasn't surprised.  Hi, it didn't bother me. The best player should be playing in the biggest markets. Plus he is a good guy too.
 hi, i think the server might go down. How are you? I am well, thanks. I hope not!
 do you use Google a lot? Yes I do. Do you know how much computing power a single search requires?
 I love my android phone. Are you an iphone or android fan? I don't have a cell phone. Mush to my childrens displeasure. Do you use your android phone a lot?
 Do you use Google often?  It was founded in 1998. Yea every day, It's amazing how big it got for being founded by Page and Brin when they were only PhD students
 Good Morning! How are you? Hello. I'm trying to figure out if I ever had a g-mail account, before Google took it over.
 Hi do you like fashion? I'm indifferent but I know a lot of facts about it, such as that Apple had a clothing line in 1986!
 Are you familiar with what a Date Lab is?  Not really, are you?
 Space and the universe are fascinating subjects. Would you agree? I agree, the universe is just so vast, there is so much we dont know about it. Scientists even think it is always changing, much like life on earth does
 Are you interested in astronomy? oh yes i love it very much.did you know some stars could be touched by us because they are so cold?
 I have been studying the universe recently - it is fascinating to learn how our knowledge has evolved since the days of Copernicus Yeah and it is still evolving through technology with no sign of slowing down. There are some stars that are cold enough to be touched with human hands. That would be cool.
 Have you ever played Call of Duty? I have actually, it was a long time ago I think it was the first or second one, now there are at least 33 games i think1
 How's it going? Did you know the USS Little Rock cost 440 million to make? Ships are getting more expensive, along with everything else. I wonder why the Navy is still building ships at all, haven't they become rather obsolete?
 Hey partner. Do you play videogames? Call of duty is a very popular game it actually started on the computer. i used to play video games. dont play much now. is COD a shooter?
 Hey how you doing good day. You play video games? I love call of duty and I didn't realize it began as a computer game. hey, I am not a good video game player I think I do not have a good skills on them. But is very interesting to know that it was a computer game
 How are you? Do you like to travel? Travelling can be don by foot, bicycle, automobile,train,boat,bus, and airplane I'm doing well. I love travel. Seeing other countries is one of my favorite bucket list items.
 Hello - did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph? I did not.  It might be able to go that quick but it still can only go as fast as the traffic in front of it.  Some places still have horse drawn carriages, you get behind one of those and you're not going 160.
 Do you do your own yard work or use services ? My husband and children usually mow our lawn, although less frequently than some of our neighbors.
 Hello, do you like hockey? I like watching the hockey fights they sure can go at it, No wonder they can lose so much weight in one game.
 Hello, How are you? Do you like to travel? I love to travel! Mostly by car, bicycle, or plane. I'm not a fan of trains or boats! How about you?
 Hello, do you like to travel? Yea I like to travel.  what about you?
 Hi, have you ever seen the movie 'A Wrinkle in Time"? hi, do you like travel?
 Have you seen A Wrinkle in Time, I thought the film was great I haven't seen it, heard it wasn't very good.  I think I may have read the book forever ago
 Hi. Do you like to travel? Pay their I do like to travel. I just got back from Florida, it was in Naples, where do you like to travel to
 do you use your phone much? Yes a lot. DO you know why NY area code is 212
 Are you an iPhone user?  They have more computational power than the entire US nuclear ICMB nuclear deterrent! Yes, but I am more of a firecracker kind of guy... My iPhone is usually turned off.  You?
 Hello!  Do you use the library at all? Yes, I sometimes use it.  I mainly use it to watch DVDs...Do you use the library?
 Did you hear about that transgender woman and how she breastfed her baby? I didn't know that was possible. That's wild! If that's what she wanted then that's awesome, but that's so surprising that that's biologically possible!
 Hi. Do you watch youtube much? Yea I use to have a channel in the early days, it's amazing 400 hours of content is uploaded on youtube each minute
 Hi! Are you a dog lover? Hey there do you like horror movies? Can you believe that Stephen King thinks Bambi is a horror movie? It's a really sad movie but I wouldn't say it's scary
 Communication has sure changed over the years. Written notes and literary pieces have shifted to telephone. You are so right! I mean, even iPhones these days have more computing power than our nuclear ICBM deterrent. That is amazing!
 Hi there, do you use your phone much? All the time and for everything, to me it's not just a phone it's an extent ion of who i really am, haha!
 Hey how are you, you hear anything about Nevada Days by chance? Dunno too much about it, other than it was written by the fellow that wrote Youngblood and Kaboom... I think it's a thriller/horror novel, but not sure..
 Hello, are you on the Internet a lot? Yes, I am everyday all day.  I love the Internet.  It's my lifeline to the world.  I get all hooked up via TCP/IP and I'm off and running.
 Good Morning.  I have a good internet connection this morning and am connected to the other computer networks using the TCP/IP suite. Good Morning! I hope the connection works well for you! I'm reading about High School. You?
 I had no idea that transgender women could breast-feed - that is crazy. Although after a few weeks, they switched to formula because she couldn't produce enough milk to keep doing only breastfeeding. Still, it is fascinating!
 I think its a risk altering things like breast-feeding I know, especially if you are taking certain medications. I believe the baby got ill.
 hello, what opinion do you have about "Nevada Days," by Bernardo Atxaga? I never read it but the summary makes it look like a good read. Did you read it?
 So, I'm reading the latest film from Studio Ghibli is out The Tale of Princess Kaguya. Dunno if you're familiar with them, but Studio Ghibli has made a LOT of great animated films, like Spirited Away, and Princess Mononoke  I don't think I have heard of them. I have heard that one of the directors recently passed away, and his last film was nominated for an Academy Award
 Are you a fan of Drama?  Yeah I like that  genre sometimes. It can be depressing. But it can be expressed in many forms like opera, ballet, plays, etc. 
 I love animals - did you know that they develop white patches on their foreheads when they are domesticated? No I did not know that!  I did hear though, that animals have a dominant paw just like how we have a hand that is dominant.
 Hi, how are you today? Do you like to listen to music?  I love music!
 Do you like any dramatic movies? I know that Michael Caine is one of my favorite actors, he's in a lot of good ones like the movie The Cider House Rules oh yeah, my favorite actor is Hugh Laurie. He's getting paid 700,000 an episode now. LOL
 Do you know who wrote the novel "The Color Purple"? Alice Walker. There is concert going on themed after the book
 Hello How are you? Hey I'm good thanks. I think rap music is interesting. It's often referred to as the primary ingredient in hip hop music but the rap origins predate hip hop!
 Hi! Do you like baseball? yeah we can talk about baseball, who's your team?
 Hi!  Are you a baseball fan? Hi there, I sure am a bit. DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Hi there.  Do you like baseball? I like it sometimes...when they score, hate it when its a 1-0 game lol.
 Do you subscribe to Netflix? I love some of their original content. yes. They do have some good original movies, and series
 Hello! Do you use Netflix? Hello.  Yes I do sometimes.  Do you?
 Hi there do you use Netflix? I used to, but I had to cancel my subscription. 
 Hello! Do you watch Netflix/ i used to watch netflix. i dont watch it now. too addictive!
 The Ballad of Buster Scruggs sounds like a great show to watch on Netflix I like westerns sometimes.  It sounds cartoon like with abundant western cliches.
 Hi do you know many facts about the universe? I know the universe is all of space and time and their contents. 
 Do you find the universe interesting? I find it fascinating. The universe is cosmic, man.
 Have you ever heard of the author/musician Jeff Tweedy? He had a band in the 1990s called Uncle Tupelo? Yeah, I'm a fan. I've seen his band Wilco, which he founded in 1994 after Uncle Tupelo broke up, in concert several times. 
 Hello, do you like country music? I enjoy some country.   Uncle Tupelo is a great band.
 do you like fiction? I sure do. Did you know there is a wiki page where they list the character based on their powers?
 Hello! Do you like to read? I love reading!
 Did you know that the sun takes up 99.86% of the mass of the solar system?  Really large, huh? That is interesting.  Gigantic.  The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering
 Greetings! I hope you are well. These readings were certainly interesting! Hello, how are you?  Do you like to read?  To me, reading is a simple word but the scientific definition that I read from an article sounded complex.
 I'm reading a sad article this time. Hello,  how are you doing?  Did you know The sun is actually white, only perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering
 Wow, I really hate these shootings.  This Capital Gazette shooting was bad! Yeah. If I remember correctly, they didn't miss a paper though...
 Did you know that the sun is actually white? Yeah!  We just see it as yellow because of our atmosphere!
 Do you like to read? I like to read a little, but I don't get into novels.  Do you like to read?
 Hi there. Do you watch golf? I never knew Babe Ruth was a golfer! Interesting! I don't play golf but I do play disc golf. There is a course in Antarctica for that apparently!
 Hey, how are you doing, you a Bryce Harper fan by chance? No, sorry but I also  do not know who he is. Are you a fan of him?
 Hello.  Are you a fan of baseball? Hi! I am not, but I was an athlete, so I do appreciate stories about comebacks from injuries.
 How's it going? Do you follow baseball? Bryce Harper missed 40 games with a bone bruise. That sucks It sure does! Who is Bryce Harper?
 Horrible, the shooting in Capital Gazzette... So true, 5 dead in this incident alone. 
 Hello, do you know much about the box office? Hi, Film generates revenue through several medium like television broadcasts right and advertisement. Box office is the primary metric for trade.
 Hi, are you interested in the telephone, fantasy, or William Shakespeare? I am addicted to my phone.
 The winner of the $560 million Powerball is so lucky! Yes, I wish I were her! Do you think she should have been allowed to remain anonymous? 
 Hi do you watch movies? A lot actually. DO you know the highest grossing all-time box office star?
 Hi, how are you? Hello.  I am just fine, thank you.  Have you ever attended live baseball games with your local team?
 The telephone has come a long way. It is awesome being able to connect with others far away Oh absolutely. I don't have a home phone that I only have a cell phone, what about you?
 Hello, do you use your phone much? Yes quite a bit. Do you as well?
 Are you a fan of Kim Kardashian? I find her fascinating. Yes. Time magazine included kim on the list of most influential people.
 Are you a fan of drama?  I am a fan of dramas yeah, I like the opera and ballet as well.
 good morning to you! Goof Morning!  Have you seen Inception?
 How's it going, do you watch Horror films? I enjoy watching supernatural one sometimes Sometimes.  A Quiet place was pretty scary.
 Do you like horror films? I love them.  I do, I love horror films one of my favorite authors is Stephen Kind, his written a lot of books that give me the chills.
 do you like listening to albums? I sure do. Did you listen to  Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park?
 Do you have a favorite album? No not really, anything by Taylor Swift or Luke Perry is good for me!  How about you?
 Hi! Guess what's the only kind of fish that has a neck? Hello! I have zero idea what fish has a neck, can I have a hint? 
 Service dogs recently had an outing at Disneyland - a special day for dogs assist vets and the disabled. Great idea or what? I think it is a pretty cool idea. Are you a fan of Albums? 
 Hey how's it going. What do you think of fish? I think they are pretty interesting. They don't have any limbs or digits for Pete's sake. I adore fish! I've had many fish in my life. I've even had small sharks in my house,when I was a kid. I still have fish. Goldfish, koi, guppies, etc. Did you know the oldest known living goldfish was 43 years old?
 Have you ever been to Prince Edward Island? I have only been to Montreal in Canada. I havent, I heard its a great place with a lot of attractive sites, and was it nice?
 I believe that service dogs are such a necessity for the handicapped.  Yes it helps veterans and individuals with handicaps be more independent.
 Hello, did you know the only fish to have a neck is a seahorse!?  so interesting.  Hi. very interesting. I like fish. If you get a goldfish it might be around a while. Like the one that live to 43!
 Hi, how are you? Do you watch YouTube? Hello there, I'm good thank you, I hope you are too.  I use it all the time, mostly for music, how about you?
 Hi there. Do you use computers often?  Pretty much all day, you?
 Do you like youtube? I'm on it quite a lot.  My kids still like Psy's Gangnam Style video.  So weird.
 What do you do for fun? I like to go walking and exploring. Do you like dancing?
 Do you listen to much music? Yes I listen to a lot of rap, I even listen to Craig Mack after he left the NBA, he became a rapper
 Hi there!  Do you listen to albums or have any favorites? hi how are you? i do listen to albums. i was recently listening to bill evans. you?
 Hi, how you doing tonight? Do you use YouTube? Hey there I use you to almost every day. What about you? It's crazy that it's the second largest search engine on the internet
 Do you watch YouTube? I love YouTube! I'm actually listening to music on youtube now haha Do you?
 hi how are you? doyou like to dance? Hello. I like to dance in front of the mirror sometimes. Lol. I havent done much dancing otherwise.
 hello, do you listen to music? hey there, yes I do , I like Led Zeppelin a lot, also Pink floyd what about you?
 hELLO, DO YOU USE A COMPUTER? I do use it every day. DId you know that someone built a working 1 bit computer using the basic minecraft building blocks.
 do you like fish?  I do, tasty animals, do you?
 Are you a wrestling fan? I used to be a really big one when I was younger. I watched WWE all the time. How about you?
 I am not sure I like restaurants that try to be something they are not.  A Los Vegas  place has little reason to emulate the Amalfi Coast. I agree. the food seems enticing though, like Florentine style steak and brazino. And ricotta cheesecake for dessert
 Do you like fish? Hello there, I do like fish and I like to fish, how about you?
 What forms of entertainment do you like? I guess I mostly like to watch TV.  It's always available and doesn't cost much.  It can have humor, or drama and music.
 do you watch wrestling? I watch it sometimes. Do you watch it?
 I don't know about you, but I still think it's incredible how much the internet has become integrated into our lives I know what you mean! But I have to admit it is great to have all kinds of information just a click away.
 HI, I love to go to the theater. I really hope to see Hamilton someday at the Kennedy Center. Getting tickets to see that show is crazy. But worth it if you get the chance
 Man...a no-deal Brexit could throw the UK and world economy into chaos Wow, officials have long suggested that the possibility of  a no prearranged pacts on trade, travel and security with it one-time partners would be unlikely.  
 Hey there what do you think about the government? Apparently governments are different all over the world and can often have a constitution hi how are you? I dont think about govt often. it can be depressing.
 Hello,  did you know 86% of Nevada is owned by the government? No but it's not surprising the government owns so much land in Nevada considering most of is desert
 Hi!  Are you a fan of comedies? I am. That genre has some of my favorite films. Bill Murray's favorite is King Fu Hustle.
 Do you own a computer?  I do ! I own a PC, a laptop, and a laptop for work. Do you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, im good, what do you think about the 19 year old who devoped that 430000 code
 Hey there! Read anything interesting lately, I sure did! I read about a 19 year that developed a code for an AI to design portraits! Crazy to think someone so young could do that.  That is crazy!  Do you know how the 19 year old did it?
 How do you feel about Google? I love Google so much. A single Google search requires more computing power than it took to send Neil Armstrong to the moon. No wonder it's works so well.
 Good morning, do you like cars? I like cars!  They are my how I get around. lol
 Cadillac was named after a french explorer, I never knew that I didn't either. It makes sense, though, that he went through Detroit since the French also settled parts of Canada. 
 do you watch netflix? Yes I do. Did you know it uses more than one third of the bandwidth in the morning?
 Hey there what do you think of our current system of government? I was shocked to learn that Nevada is mostly owned by the US government Yeah all 86% of the land, I wonder what they do with it really
 do you like drama? I sure do. Do you like Jon Hamm?
 Have you heard of The Boy Who Came Back From Heaven? I havent,  have you?
 Hey there do you ever watch Netflix? I know that I have a couple good shows on there that I like, have you seen bandersnatch? Hi, how are you? I used to watch Netflix. Not much now. What is bandersnatch? DOn't know it.
 Do you like to travel?  Who doesn't? My family just got back from a vacation recently. It is always fun to go out and just be away from normal life, even for just a little bit.
 Do you use the computer often? Sure, for way too long each day. 
 Do you use Spotify by any chance? Yes, I do use Spotify.
 Good Morning! Do you have Netflix? No, I don't like television. I prefer to watch movies once in a while. I love Music. To play and sing!
 Hello, are you a car person.  Did you know 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car? I did not know that. There is a boy who was in a car accident and claimed that he went to heaven.
 hi, do you like drama? I do like drama. Did you watch "House"? Hugh Laurie was paid $700,000 per episode. Is that crazy? 
 Hello, are you a Spotify user? They have 4 million songs that have never been played in their catalog I am, not a premium user though.  I put up with a few adverts.
 hey there what do you think of our government? Hi! The gov't needs some changes. What about you? What do you think?
 Do you like to travel? That I do, but it seems to be more for business than pleasure these days.  Do you think the government is doing enough to keep travel safe?
 hi, que opinas del tema  'The Boy Who Came Back' Alex, now paralyzed from the neck down, admitted he had fabricated the story. "I did not die,hi" he wrote in a blog post.
 Hello, do you have a Facebook account, use social media? Yep, most everyday. You?
 good morning. I knew it would be a good article if Florida was involved. And Vanilla Ice? What a head line! I know! I think that was the most surprising thing for me! Kangaroo on the loose AND Vanilla Ice? Crazy!
 Hello, did you know it is illegal to own pets in Boulder? You can be their guardian, though. That is crazy. Well I couldn't live there, then. I'd like to live in Japan where there are actually more pets than kids under the age of 15!
 Are you on facebook? I do have an account, but I don't often look at it.
 Hello, how are you.  I don't know about you but I am a big animal fan.  It has been estimated that there are over 7 million animal species overall.  hey there. im a huge fan as well did you know  reproduce , and grow from a hollow sphere of cells
 Hi are you a baseball fan? Not really. I like to go to games every few years and I like to play, but I dont really follow it.
 hi, do you like baseball? Hello.  Are you into science much?  I recently learned that the sun is actually white and not yellow.
 What hobbies do you enjoy? I like baseball dancing and the sun. 
 HI, how are you? Do you like to dance? Hey I like to dance from time to time. Do you watch Game of Thrones? Apparently Emilia Clarke did a funky chicken dance during her audition
 Morning, play guitar at all? Like, say, Eric Clapton? I wish!! You?
 Hi, Do you like to read the harry potter books? I like Harry Potter movies but haven't read the books. I did read Ender's Game.
 Hi!  Are you a guitar fan? yes i am a guitar fan. are you?
 How would you love to have your own home theater and baseball diamond? I'd love if it I could just afford my own home theater, much less my own baseball diamond! What about you?
 Did you hear about the otter eating Koi from a pond? No, I didn't know otters would venture into someone's pond to eat fish.
 Hey there what do you think about cats? I'm more of a dog guy Myself by the way I don't like cats much and could never imagine calling them from the road to talk to them!
 hey there do you like cats or dogs more? Hello there, I am more of a dog guy, how about you?
 Do you know anything about Freddy Mercury? I saw the movie last year! Rami malek was great. Freddie loved his cats so much that he would call and speak to them.
 Hello, are you a fan of drama? It depends on the type. I find some soap operas to be a little cheesy, but they're good enough to have been sponsored by soap manufacturers
 Do you know about and use netflix? I do and have since it's inception. They have come a long way. 
 Do you have any favorite clothing? Yes, I like my spandex capris. On the funnier side, I know that a man wore 70 items of clothing in a Chinese airport to avoid the bagging charge.
 hey there! Let's chat about Netflix. Did you know it accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North American between 9PM to noon? WOW! I just learned that Netflix employs a team of "taggers" who are paid to watch netflix and tag the content.
 Have you ever watched the movie, The Incredible Mr Limpet? It is about a human that falls into the ocean and becomes a fish. Quite a drama! Hi, No, I have not, sounds pretty crazy but I am curious about it. What I can tell you is I love to snorkel and see the fish under the sea..love to learn about them
 The Dr Sun Yat Sen garden must be really nice, I will sure visit it if I ever go to Vancouver You're not an otter by chance? If so, please don't eat the fish there. They're quite expensive!
 Hello, do you know kim kardashian? I am aware of that person but could tell you little else about her.
 Hello!  Would you rather eat a fish or have one as a pet? I think I'd rather eat them, although goldfish are known have lived up to 43 years! That is one old pet!
 While reading this I can mention that I don't know classical music, however I do like the piano I m not a huge fan of classical music in general myself.  I think the piano is an amazing acoustic, stringed instrument.  
 Hi, do you like cinematography? I do not know much but I do love movies. It seems that certain people are very talented. James Wong pioneered wide angle lense, low lighting, crab dolly and deep focus.
 Hello, how are you? Do you like the drama? The comedy? The cinematography? Hi yes I like drama! It is considered a genre of poetry! you?
 Hey! How are you doing today? I'm good.  How are you doing this morning?
 Do you play a musical instrument? Not really, You ?
 Did you watch the Oscars? I did not watch Oscar. I was indisposed. Did you watch them?
 Do you like to read? I am not so strong at the reading. I used to read, but now I forget mostly. Practically illiterate.
 Do you own a car? Hello, no i don't own a car.
 Hi, I am obsessed with shoes. How about you? Oh, I agree, I can never have enough! Hard to believe Persian soldiers wore high heels in the 9th century!
 do you like cars? I love cars. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?
 Are you familiar with MS-13?  I can't believe someone filmed the slaying of a 15-year-old-girl. yeah heard that horrible incident . Cant imagine the torture the girl went through
 Hello, do you like swimming? Hi there! I do! I love watching the Olympic events. How about you?
 I read an article indicating that social media has caused America end up raising Generation Paranoia. I have been wondering what this next generation name would be.  Generation Paranoia sounds pretty accurate given the unfounded rise in concerns over safety.
 Hi, how are you? Im good, just a bit worried because of all the shootings, they just keep on happening.
 hi do you watch ESPN? Hi. Yes I do sometimes.  They cover some NBA games.
 Hi there, do you like the NBA? Hi, no I'm not a huge fan. I barely watch basketball, but I do know all the famous players.
 Hi, how are you today? Very good. How about you?
 How's it going, do you follow basketball? There's a lot of speculation on Jabari Parker's fututre Hi there!  Yes I follow basketball.  What is his contract status?
 Taylor Swift fan? She's huge now. I just know she is hot :) I've never listened to her music ;)
 Hi there do you watch youtube? I do from time to time. I know three former Paypal employees created the service.
 I love how youtube has so many things to explore Definitely I have learned so much from watching joe rogans videos on youtube. Have you ever seen his interview with elon musk?
 Hey there!  Have you heard about this crazy "condom-snorting challenge?"   I have not, although it does sound a bit inappropriate. What is it about?
 Do you use Youtube often? I do. I am on it everyday
 Are you a Led Zeppelin fan? Yes I Love Led Zeppelin. I can't believe they formed back in 1968, that was so long ago
 Good evening!  Just heard some Led Zeppelin on the radio as I was driving in.  Are you a fan of the band? I know a few Led Zeppelin songs and I had one of their CDs, but I'm not a mega fan.
 hi, do you watch netflix? I do!  I dont know what I would do with out it.  I definitely account for that band with use.
 Hey there do you listen to rap music? I know I like to rap in the shower haha. I do. But I don't rap in the shower bro. 
 Sometimes it is difficult to mentor young people who haven't had strong role models before. There are so many types of media that have a negative impact. Yeah I can see that. I respect people that do things like help out with the little sisters program. I haven't done that yet but it takes a lot of time and so I respect that
 Hi! Are you a fan of horror films? I like to watch horror as part of a work out routine as you can burn over 180 calories watching horror movies, surprisingly enough! I do like them!  I'm going to have to start watching more of them though if I can lose some weight while doing it.
 Hi, how are you? RU ready 2 ROK? Lol, I suppose.  What do you think about Led Zeppelin?
 Hello.  Are you a fan of rock music?  Have you heard any of the songs from the band led Zeppelin? Hello - I am a huge fan of rock music and I love Led Zeppelin. What about you?
 Hey do you live in Washington DC? Apparently they're expecting a mix of rain and also light snow I have family near there. Apparently there's another storm coming not to later after that one
 I know Brady can occasionally blow it but he didn't for me.  I'm a Chiefs fan... Even as a Chiefs fan, do you think that Tom Brady is the greatest quarterback of all time, has he is commonly referred to.
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I'm doing great and staying warm in this arctic freeze. How are you? I could use some sun right now, did you know that the sun is considered a star in the solar system?
 What is the weather like near you? It's currently snowing. ugh lol  Do you use Amazon Alexa to get your daily forecasts?
 I just read the DC weather forecast for today. It looks like it is milder for a few days, but that still seems cold to me.
 hi, Do you know much about the sun? Hi, how are you? I've seen the sun from time to time, but we don't really talk. Not on a first-name basis with the sun.
 Do you Tom Brady from the Patriots? I know him all too well since he cheated with deflating the footballs
 Hello,  did you know that the sun is actually white? I did not know that. That's one more thing it has in common with Jeff Bezos.
 Hello!  Did you know that the sun is actually white? I did not!
 Hello, did you know the sun is actually white? Hi, how are you? No, I did not know that, that is a surprise to me!
 Do you like fooball?  Yes.  I guess the New England Patriots need to have a replacement ready for Tom Brady.
 Hello.  What do you think of Amazon?  Can you believe it's been around since 1994? I love it!  It is crazy how it started as a book store and has developed to what it is today.  Jeff Bezos certainly has a great vision.
 How about the sun, crazy right? tHE SUN IS PRETTY AWESOME. Did you know that helium was first discovered on the sun before it was found on earth?
 Have you heard of the blossom kite festival? I think The Blossom Kite Festival, formerly the Smithsonian Kite Festival, is an annual kite event usually held on the National Mall in Washington, D.C. in late March during the National Cherry Blossom Festival. 
 Hi!  How do you feel about Amazon? I enjoy being able to shop online. I use them every once in awhile. How about you?
 HI, did you know the sun is the center of the universe? I knew it was the center of our solar system, I didn't know it was the center of the universe.
 Did you know the sun is actually white? I didn't know that!  How interesting!
 The sun is a star. Im not sure if everyone knows that Hello, I had heard about that in high school.
 Hello. How do you feel about Amazon? I actually like it but it saddens me at the same time how much they've hurt brick and mortar stores.
 Do you like using Amazon? Oh yeah are used Amazon all the time! I love how they can deliver on Sunday because I have a contract with USPS.
 Hi, how are you tonight?  pretty well and you?do you use facebook much?
 Hi there, do you know much about the sun? Good afternoon, I live in Florida, so yeah I know a little.  Lol how about you?
 Hey there! Are you an Amazon user?  Can you believe it's been existence since 1994. Hi, I am an Amazon user.  I didn't know it had been around for so long.  Personally, I think Jeff Bezos is brilliant for starting that company.
 Hi there do you use Amazon? All the time!  I love how convenient it is with one click shopping!
 How is the weather in your area ?  Cold!!! Really cold. Like 5 degrees. What about you?
 What's the weather like in the summer where you are? Not nearly as hot as it's supposed to be in DC!  Upper 90s I hear.
 The sun sure is interesting im amazed with how much power it produces I mean it produce enough energy in 1 sec to meet the needs of earth for 500K years!
 Man how about this weather, sounds like DC will see spring and it isn't even january Yeah that's kind of weird.
 Do you like to you Facebook much? Not much anymore but I used it all through middle and high school. 
 Seems like a really narrow topic but let's talk about DC weather! lol... ): I'm from NY ;)
 Good Morning.  Just finished placing an order with Amazon.  Their founder, Jeff Bezos, has been in the news a lot lately. Yeah. Even with giving up half his stuff, he'll still be in the top 10 richest list...
 What do you think about John Candy's quote about not being the heat but the humidity? I agree with that.  The humidity is what makes it hard,  it feel just thick,  where as heat is just crazy hot.  Do you know much about the sun?  The sunset on Mars is actually blue!!!  Amazing! 
 Hello! How are you tonight? I am doing great, just searching some stuff on Amazon that I may buy, how about you?
 The Patriots are a real power house team in the NFL. They no longer play in Boston anymore.  They are based in Foxborough.
 Good Morning!  One of my kids is doing a science project on the Sun this week.  The magnitude of the sun is mind boggling!!! The magnitude of the whole universe is mind boggling. It's hard to comprehend that the sun is much smaller than many of the other stars even in our own galaxy.
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Are you interesting in our bright yellow friend, the sun, who comes every day to say hi to us? Hey there, pretty well here and how are you? Yes I am very much but I will have to say the white friend that appears to be yellow.
 Good evening!  Are you a football fan? I am, although Im a bigger fan of college than the NFL.  How about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am good.  The forecast for DC tonight is not too great - possibly snow
 Do you like reading? Hello there, I do like to read but wish I had more time to do more.  How about you?
 The sun is just amazing, it keeps us warm and alive. Yes! Made of about 73% hydrogen and about 25% helium and heavier elements in smaller quantities.
 Good morning!  Are you an amazon user?  I am! Yup.  Pretty dangerous with the 1-click buying option.  I've used that way too many times!
 Do you like Tom Brady? I think his a great quarterback I do too! Did you hear about the bad cut to his hand?
 Hi, how are you doing? Do you use Amazon much? Are you kidding me? I love Amazon! its my favorite online shop, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good, did you know that Braile was invented by it's creator when he was only 15?
 How's it going? did you know the Sun is an almost perfect sphere of hot plasma? Hi there. It must be so hot. It is only perceived as yelling because of atmospheric scattering.
 hi how are you? how do you feel about football? i am a huge fan of the Eagles, how about you?
 Hi Did you watch last football match I'm a football fan, the last game I watched was the super bowl. 
 Hi! Do you watch the Bachelor? I could watch it all day... it's so great how they always have a villian and drama I never have, no. I can see how that's entertaining, but it kinda kills the idea that it's supposed to be "reality."
 Are you a facebook user?  I check it daily. No I do not, I cannot its been around since 2004
 Are you a fan of football? I was watching and Tom Brady kinda flubbed his teams comeback at the end of the game . Yes I am.  I guess he did that since they lost last minute to the Eagles.
 Hello, How are you today? Do you use Facebook? I do.  Quite a bit.  You?
 Hi, how are you? do you like chatting about football? I watch football in the fall, do you? 
 Hello there, do you use Amazon much for deliveries? Hi, i do actually, i use amazon prime and you?
 hi, do you enjoy dramas? If on TV or in the movies, but not at work! They don't pay be enough to endure drama in the workplace. Not like I am Hugh Laurie, pulling down $700k per episode of House!
 I could use some sun today!  It is so cold.  Did yo know that the sun produces enough energy in one second to meet the needs of the entire Earth for a half a million years! I did not know that,  I found it intersting is the sun's dynamo process for generating energy.  
 Hello,  do you watch baseball? Since we do not have a pro team in my state, I tend to follow my local collegiate teams.  But, I do play (not well) on an over 50s recreational league team.
 do you like baseball? I love it. Do you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 I have always been interested in historically based movies.  Do you like to watch movies based on historical events, like Chappaquiddick - based on Ted Kennedy's famous scandal? Yes I have watched a few historically based movies. I think it would be interesting to learn about Ted Kennedy. Political scandals can make great movies.
 What do you think about the Novel Literature prize being cancelled this year? I think it's pretty intense, but I support the #MeToo movement so I guess I agree with the decision to put some space between the Nobel Literature Prize and the scandals 
 Hello there, do you read the bible much? Good morning, yes I do.  How about yourself?
 Hello there and good morning. Are you a religious person? I myself do not even own the Bible despite having over 5 billion copies sold. i am not a religious person. i do not own a bible. it has sold quite well. the author must be rich LOL
 Do you like reading? I do like reading. What about you? Did you hear about the fact that the Nobel literature prize was canceled this year by the way?
 Hi! Are you familiar with the bible? It's crazy over 5 billion copies have been sold. I suppose that's why it's considered the best selling and most influential book of all time. Yes, I am. I believe it. I am surprised that Thomas Jefferson created his own version.
 Do you enjoy literature? I do, actually. I've wondered how people qualify for a Nobel Prize in literature, but it looks like due to a #MeToo scandal in the academy, there won't be one
 Do you enjoy literature? Some, You?
 do you ever read the bible? No but it was kind of a requirement in school until 1963
 Hi there are you a fan of rap? Yes I am. I like how it rhymes and incorporates street vernacular.
 do you like the NBA? I sure do. l do you know who Reggie Miller is?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like rap music? Good morning. Yes I love rap music. It's essentially a musical form of vocal delivery.
 do you like the NBA? yes I do. Do you know who Reggie MIller is?
 How are you? Do you use Facebook? It's crazy they are valued at 104 billion dollars I'm great.  I actually don't use Facebook... I feel like I'm one of the few people that don't.  Even though I'm still in my 20's, I just grew tired of all the drama, political nonsense, etc. of Facebook.  How about you?
 hey there, do you use facebook? hey, yes I do have it but I rarely use it myself, what about you?
 I'm glad there had been a hotline started for street harassment happening. Too bad you can't just summons Wonder Woman, instead! Exactly! Haha, I think this column of Amy's is a good thing where people can ask questions while alerting others too. She seems to give good advice!
 Hi, do you play any fantasy sports? I dont. i dont really understand them. do you play?
 Have you ever experienced street harassment? I suppose if you are male, you would not consider it, but as a woman, you might be offended. Hello there, I don't I really have but I don't live in a big city.  How about you?
 Hello,  do you play any fantasy games?  like fantasy football?   No. I play actual Football though. I liked driving games as a Kid, but now that I can drive I don't play them.
 Youtube or Google, which is your favorite search engine? Google no doubt
 Do you use YouTube? I love using youtube, it is my second favorite search engine behind google, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I am good, thanks for asking how are you? Did you know who Stewart Lupton was?
 How are you? Are you into poetry at all? Poetry comes from the greek term poiesis I work at a performing arts school. It's interesting how fame strikes a few people and misses so many others.
 Hi, how are you? Good, just finishing up reading a book.  I would say I was successful because I was able to comprehend what I read.
 Hi there, seen any good videos on YouTube lately? I watch Youtube daily, am subscribed to many channels.
 A lot of people get their music from the internet.  I still buy CD's.  I like to collect music albums. Really! What type of music do you collect? Linkin park's "hybrid theory" is the best-selling album of the 21st century.
 do you use facebook? All the time. Did you know Myspace lost the chance to buy facebook?
 hi how are you? did you like this planet of ours? lol It's quite interesting. Beats trying to poop in space I guess!
 hey did you know that the second largest online search engine is actually Youtube? No I didn't. I actually thought it was google lol. YouTube is pretty popular though.
 Do you use facebook? Reluctantly, I do.  It's the only social media that I use, though.  How about you?  
 do you shop online at all? I do, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Hey. . .how about we talk about anything on this list BUT astronaut poop lol?
 hi, do you know much about earth? I took a college Geology class. Some believe that a day only lasted 5.5 hours when the earth was first formed
 Hello there, DO you shop online much? I do actually and I enjoy shopping on Amazon as it is convenient, and you?
 I love amazon. I love the Fire TV, and Echo devices It seems you like Amazon.  Love might be too strong for me but it is a significant part of my life, shopping, entertainment, and now work.
 Hello. Do you use amazon a lot? Hi there, I sure do, their prime service is really helpful.  How about you?
 hi, do you use facebook? Every day. how about you?
 Hello there, do you use facebook much? Hello. Yes, I use Facebook daily. I had no idea it was blue because Mark is red-green colorblind!
 Hi, do you live in DC? No, but I've heard they are supposed to get a massive heat wave.
 What a really sad story. Seems like America and dad were just nice people Yes very sad story. How are you todfay?
 Hello, do you have a facebook account? Facebook, the American online social media and networking company from Menlo Park? I do not anymore. What about you?
 Hi! Have you ever been to the capital of the US, Washington D.C? I have, it's been a long time though, what about you?
 do you use your phone much? Yes all the time. Do you know why NY area code is 212?
 Hi! Do you like animals?  Did you know there are around 20 quintillion on the planet? I do lilke animals and find them fascinating, 20 quintillion is a big number wow
 Hi there!  Do you know many facts about animals? Yea, I love animals, I know they are eukaryotic organisms that lack a cell wall
 hey there, how is it going? hey I'm good, did you know that the movie ET was originally going to be a horror movie?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! how are you doing today? Do you like animals?
 How often do you use your phone? I have an iPhone that I use all of the time. Did you know that women are more likely than men to have iPhones?
 Hi. Do you watch YouTube ever? There's so much content I feel like I could watch it all day. Video clips, TV show clips, music videos, documentary films, and much more. I'm a big youtuber!
 Hi! Guess what prompted YouTube to upgrade their view count integer to 64 bits? I didn't even knew that happened... what prompted it ?
 YouTube is an American video company. Yeah it definitely is
 hi, how are you? Doing alright. Do you find fish interesting? The seahorse is the only fish with a neck
 Do you go to the library often ? Yes, I love visiting the library. I particularly like YA fiction. How about you?
 Do you use the library much? Yes sometimes I do. DId you know in Norway if you publish a book the government buys the first 1000 copies of it
 Have you heard of the author Laurie Halse Anderson? I am just learning about her.  She has some controversial books out there.  
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Netflix? Yes I use Netflix almost everyday. Did yujiro Netflix put on commercials during the Super Bowl in order to get people to watch Netflix afterwards?
 I think that it is crazy from 9pm to 12am, Netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America. It is hard to believe they use to be a DVD rental company! Their literally taking over the country. I use Netflix, but I  just wish they'd have more of the shows that I like.
 Did you watch the Super Bowl?  I did. I watch for the commercials
 How's it going? Have you heard or seen The Cloverfield Paradox produced by JJ Abrams? No I havent,  any good?
 Hello! Whats your favorite form of entertainment? i like to watch movies. what about you?
 Do you use youtube?  Did you know it's the second largest search engine on the internet? Yes I really like youtube. I think it is really cool and like a lot of videos.
 Did you hear about April, the giraffe, who might be pregnant again? I heard a little bit about that. She is a YouTube star.
 I am a big animal lover.  I really enjoy going to the zoo and watching wildlife shows. Do you like animals? Yea I love animals, nice to see April the giraffe gave birth to a calf on April 15
 Hello there, are you a dog or a cat person? Both I love all animals you ?
 Hello.  Have you ever been to the Smithsonian American History Museum? Hello, I have not but would love to see it.
 Have you ever seen "Dolls' House" at the Smithsonian? Hello - I have not. What is it about?
 Hey do you like dogs? I think they're awesome! They are man's best friends for a reason
 Hi there, do you like drama? Hello, I sure do. Have you ever seen House MD, the tv drama?
 Good morning!  Do you like dogs by chance? Yea I love dogs, it's so interesting that dogs are able to eat a starch-rich diet after spending so much time with people
 Do you have a dog?  I do, but I didn't know that they had 12 different blood types. I do not have a dog, but that is a lot of blood types. Apparently, dogs and elephants are the only two animals that understand pointing.
 Do you like pets? Good morning!  I do like pets.  I am a dog person, just like Google!  Google states in their code of conduct that they are a dog company.  That is awesome!
 Have you played Trap Adventure 2? I have not. Is it any good?
 Hi there!  Do you play video games? I used to play nintendo when I was younger. You?
 Hi, how are you? Do you play video games? Hi! yes I do! love them. Have you every tried virtual reality games?
 What hobbies do you entertain? Reading and watching a lot of tv. How about you? 
 How's it going, did you know there are cables carrying phone and internet data across the oceans? I did know that. I think it is really cool how far we have come as a society to have that. 
 do you use your phone much? All the time. Do you know why the NY area code is 212?
 Hi, are you aware of Imran Khan's Pakistan? I know nothing about it. I know pakistan. who is imran khan?
 Hello - how are you doing today? Hello. I am doing good and yourself?  Do you have an iphone by chance?
 Hello, did you ever see Jumanji? Hi yeah I did, I liked it too. The guy who did the voice in the movie is also chip in Beauty and the Beast
 Hi, how are you? I am good.  I was so happy to heard about the 11 year old battling cancer getting birthday gifts from strangers.
 Hello, are you interested in Cricket? Hello.  I think Cricket is interesting although I have never played.  I think it is one of the only games I can think of that has 11 players on a field at a time. 
 Hello, How are you? Interesting that New York got the fastest area code number! Good!  I think that number should have gone to emergency services, but that is me.
 Have you seen the original Jumanji movie with Robin Williams? I have seen the original as well as the reboot - very good movies!
 Good morning!  Have you ever heard of the game called cricket? I have, It is a game played by two teams with eleven players on each team. They use a ball and a bat to play the game. 
 Are you a fan of Donald Glover? Yes, I am He has a great Tv show called Atlanta have you ever heard of it?
 Hello, do you shop online at all? Hi there, actually quite a bit. I love shopping on AMazon and you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great! How are you doing?
 Childish Gambino is such a talented artist, he's a rapper, singer, comedian, and an actor! I've heard the name. Don't know much about him. Where is he from?
 I read that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama Wow, How much does he make?
 Do you believe all the reporting on the Russian nerve agent used to assassinate a former Russian spy? Don't answer that. Who knows who is listening? ha ha, Not sure Russia claims they were framed. if thats true they would be the perfect patsy since it's only made in Russia. 
 Do you follow the Earth? It has been around for a long time. Longer than the govt. Longer than the Bible. I've heard that the first day only lasted 5.5 hours. I'm glad we have much longer than that in a day now
 Do you use the internet a lot? Did you know that the 3 horizontal lines on apps is called a hamburger? I use it every day of my life. Dont know what I would do without it.
 Hey there what do you think about planet Earth? I think it's sad that we have lost about 80% of our natural Forests That is a sad thing for sure.  When Earth was first formed it took only 5.5 hours long!
 Hello, what do you think about the current US government? I think the thought of it is nice but we need to get our stuff together and start working together lol, hbu?
 Do you ever go to many concerts? Hi! I love concerts, actually! Although I'm glad I didn't attend that Creed concert back in 2002 that was so godawful, some of the attendees actually filed a lawsuit. That's embarassing. What about you?
 I wonder how long a performance of just the highlights of Wagner's Ring cycle would be? I'm not sure but would be interesting to find out. Do you like Orchestra music?
 Are you interested in knowing about the earth? I don't think about the earth that much but it's an amazing place. I don't feel I have time in the mere 24 hours in a day. But when Earth first formed, a day was only 5,5 hours long.
 Did you know that 80% of the earths natural forests have already been destroyed?  That's a lot! I knew we were destroying them but 80%! Norway pledged $1B to try to save them.
 Did you know 7% of people actually read the full terms and conditions when downloading software?   No I didn't! That's kind of crazy to me! I also read that constant novelty from clicking links on the internet can cause measurable addiction!
 Did you know that more than 80% of the Earth's natural forest have already been destroyed? I did not know that. That is too bad. Did you know that the earth will be virtually helium free by the end of the 21st century. How are we going to have balloons?
 Are you a Facebook user? Hi! I am. Although I enjoyed MySpace more than I do Facebook. I can't believe MySpace declined an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005. Oh what might have been! What about you?
 the wonder woman film was really good I felt I enjoyed it. I can't believe that she debuted in the comics as a secretary. 
 hello Good morning. 
 Have you heard of FilmStruck? I actually have not, is it a part of Netflix?
 Do you use netflix?  Yes, I do. I am one of the 137 million people that use it worldwide.
 hi there, do you use the internet much? All the time it's become a way of life. You?
 Hello, do you watch horror films at all? Hello, I watch it occasionally do you?
 hey there what are some Celebrities that you like? Hello! I'm a fan of Sylvester Stallone ever since seeing Rocky. Funnily enough, I heard there was a recent hoax he was dead!
 Hi there do you follow any celebrities? Oh, I listen to the news about them every now and then, but try not too get too carried away in celeb worship, you know?  How about yourself?
 I love horror films, I watch all kinds.  Although I do think "jump scares" have been a bit overplayed lately.  I prefer psychological/atmospheric horror type flicks.. Hi, how are you? I don't want many horror films. It's funny that Stephen King was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi.
 Hey there, Have you heard of this animated film "Sgt. Stubby?" It's about the adventures of a dog during WWI.  It's supposed to be based on a true story. Yes, I believe I have.Do you like dogs?
 How's it going, are you a big Amazon user? It was founded in 1994 oh yeah!  I do as much shopping there as possible!
 Hello there, do you use Amazon much? All the time! My husband and I love Amazon because as the logo suggests, they have EVERYTHING from A to Z. 
 Hey there do you use Facebook? I use it almost everyday myself Yeah me too. Do you know why it is blue?
 Hi, do you use amazon? Yes Jeff should run for President! You?
 Did you watch any of the world cup last year? I watched a few games.  I know France won.  Did you watch any?
 Hello! How are you today? I'm doing well. Are you a fan of FIFA? 
 Do you watch soccer?  Hi, I love soccer!!! I did watch last years World Cup last year and looking forward to 2022 cup
 Hello! Do you like association football? It's more commonly known as football or soccer? I'm not a big fan, but I do watch The World Cup when I catch it on. I didn't know it was called association football!
 do you use the computer much? Yes I do. Did you know the space shuttle uses a super small computer?
 Hi, do you like watching football(soccer)? Hi, I watch a little.  What about you?
 Did you hear Uber's in the news a gain/  Hi! Yes, I heard they settled breach claims from 50 states over violating data breach laws. I also heard they shelled out  $148 million. That's insane!
 Hey there do you ever watch soccer AKA association football? It's interesting that they're both the same thing, I only ever call it soccer I sometimes watch the world cup. How about you?
 Wow did you know that Soccer makes more money than all other popular sports combined ? Interesting! I wonder why it has not caught on in the US. Hey, the US got 3rd place in the FIFA world up in 1930.
 Hi! Are you a Disney fan? Yes I love Disney. However I am not a part of the subculture dedicated to finding hidden Mickey Mouse's.
 Good afternoon. You looking forward to the World Cup in Qatar in 2022? I am, although I am kind of skeptical as the city which is set to host the world cup  has not come into existence yet. What about you?
 Hi, do you like football? and by football I mean soccer just to be clear. I do, I always played as a kid, and I watched the entire world cup this past summer
 Hello!  Are you a soccer fan? I love Soccer, especially the World Cup, how about you?
 Do you watch any television dramas?  I recently learned that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a tv drama. I do and I really enjoy them. Also does Hugh make the high end of 6 figures per episode in house alone?
 Hi, do you like watching any sports? Yes, mostly football (NFL), baseball and soccer. I'm one of the nearly half of the world's population that watched the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
 do you use uber No but I have used Lyft because it just got started up where I live
 Hi! Are you into soccer or the FIFA world cup football? I do like watching the World Cup, Did you know that the city which is set to host the 2022 World Cup in Qatar does not yet exist?
 Japan was in the world cup. Cool how are you today. Did you know that But Japan advanced because it was assessed two fewer yellow cards than Senegal. Colombia won the group by prevailing in its final two games after its opening loss to Japan.
 hello,  do you like cars? I like to use cars for what I need them for, but I don't care much about them.
 Did you know that the car was invented by karl Benz? No I did not know that, Ive always thought it was the Ford company that created cars, its interesting to know it was Benz though
 Do you drive much? A little bit.  I have a really short commute though.
 Have you seen any of these Fifty Shades movies? I've saw the first one, but I haven't seen the others. I heard Fifty Shades Freed is pretty entertaining. 
 Hello, have you ever wondered about the universe? about the wonder our planet has? Hi! Of course! I've always wondered about that especially after watching Cosmos on Netflix. Like I learned that the moon on Jupiter would be considered a planet if it orbited around the sun.
 Hello! Do you like crossword puzzles? I do one occasionally.  My wife is really good.  Most large puzzles are 15 by 15 
 Hi, how are you today? have you seen Game of Thrones? Hi! I've seen the first couple of seasons, but that's all. Need to convince myself HBO is worth it so I can watch the rest! How about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am well. Do you enjoy going to concerts?
 do you know much about planets? I know some stuff. Do you know what else is earth called?
 do you watch the Game of Thrones I have seen some episodes. The great grandson of Dickens plays in it
 Hi, how are you? Hi im great, do you like Walt Disney Pictures?
 Hi how are you doing? Jupiter's moon ganymede would be considered a planet if it orbited the sun I did not know that.  I am always intrigued by science.
 What do you think about Moor Salman? Should you be prosecuted for something your spouse did? No I dont think you should be. I dont see how anyone could be blamed for the actions of someone else.
 Have you heard that the Orlando nightclub shooter trial is winding down? Yes, that was disgusting.  One big question is whether the shooter's wife was involved.
 do you watch the Game of Thrones? I have no idea but the great great great grandson of Dickens plays in it
 The shooting in the Orlando night clup Pluse was just devastating.  Do you think the shooters wife had anything to do with it? I mean she did say that she went online and scouted the club, but there is no evidence of her doing this. Theyre saying that the idea was planted but how do you just admit something like that if it isnt true?
 Are you a baseball fan? What do you think about Max Scherzer and his fastballs?  I haven't watched much baseball, but I read something recently about Max Scherzer with almost 100 mph fastballs. That's crazy fast!
 Do you like baseball? I am not a big fan but I find it interesting to see how much money a player can make
 Do you know about the origins of Drama? Not really... I'm more of a sports fan like the MLB and delving into things like the Yankees "lost player"
 hi, do you enjoy dramas? I do for the most part, do you?
 Hello do you like tv drama? I do. Did you know Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor in TV drama history?
 Are you a baseball fan? I am and it's just around the corner, though. I guess it has already started for college and spring training.  I wonder if they are playing in Japan now too, because it is really popular.  
 did you know that Hugh Laurie was the highest paid tv actor ever? I did not, what tv programs is she famous for?
 Do you like watching baseball? I do the Red Sox are my favorite team and Mookie Betts is my favorite player
 Hi there!  Are you into Drama? hi how are you? I do not like drama in my life, but i do like it on the screen. LOL
 Robots will take over the world one day, hear my words! Yes, i hear your words! Oh, wait. youre not a robot are you?
 Have you seen Boy Erased? I heard it's really intense and tackles some really heavy topics like suicide, sexuality, sexual assault, and more. I have not, I've heard a little on the radio about it, I know Russell Crowe and Nicole Kidman are in it.
 Hey there have you ever seen a movie based on a Doctor Seuss book before? The only one I have seen is the Lorax. What about you>
 Did or do you like Dr. Seuss' "The Grinch"? Yeah both classics, The Grinch is one of my favorites, what about you?
 Job interviews are just awful, I hate them, they make me so nervous! I heard that in some part of the world they are going to have automated interviews, so it won't have a human interviewing you anymore.
 Hi, how are you tonight? Are you interested in robots? Yes. I find them very interesting! How about MJ's moon walking robot!
 do you like robots? Yes I do. Do you know who invented the word robotics?
 Well, I don't have kids so this article is not very interesting to me We could look at it as a few movies that are "family-friendly," and why they are considered to be that. 
 I never knew Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor in a drama.  he get $700k per episode! That is so much money, I mean he is a good actor, but still.  I enjoyed that show he was in and I enjoy dramas in general.
 Do you like horror movies? Yes sometimes I do, some of them are quite good
 Hello, Lets talk about the internet. The name for the 3 horizontal line menu is a hamburger button.  In modern internet is the beginning of the transition and development of commercial network result in digital money transfer due to internet.
 Have you ever seen FearDotCom? It sounds like a fun watch, even though the reviews were awful. No but the plot of FearDotCom does sound vaguely familiar, maybe I'm just confusing it with the Ring
 Boy, these thieves are getting creative! Using a GPS to find the house of a gambler, then rob him! high tech thieves!
 Hello!  Are you familiar with the history of cars? A bit I know the first model was created by the Benz company but im more aware with cars in the present
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? I do! I mean nothing in classical latin, but still love me some radio.
 Hi do you vote regularly? Yes I do. Did you know astronauts vote from spacE?
 Washington seems to be a hot spot to visit in mid-June.   Yes, it seems like there are lots of things to do. Have you heard of Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks Black Cat? I haven't, but apparently they are popular. Their show is sold out.
 Hi there do you vote in elections? Always. In our representative republic, it is our civic duty. And if we don't, we get bozos in office. 
 hi there, do you listen to jazz? I like jazz but I don't have many jazz albums, only Kind of Blue and Ascenseur pour l'chafaud. Do you have favorite jazz players? 
 Hi, have you ever been to D.C? A long time ago, you?
 Hello, How are you today? Do you listen to the radio? Yes, everytime I drive somewhere.
 During this time of struggle in government, it was interesting to read that in Austin Tx people voted to name the garbage dump Fred durst. I laughed out loud when I read that!  
 Hey how did You like the Green Lantern movie ? Not as much as I liked Kiunka's four-song "Stay Up Late" EP
 Hey whats up? Have you ever been to Washington D.C.? Andrew Schulz did a standup show there recently Yeah I have spent a lot of time there.  I do love the club scene but Adams Morgan and the Best Bar in America is there.
 hey there do you like Jazz music? I like Jazz music. Did you know Clint Eastwood is a lifelong Jazz fan? 
 Some people believe Theresa May to be a traitor.  Brexit has been quite a mess.  It seems that getting in the EU was easy; getting out is not.  Supposedly Theresa May was not able to negotiate a deal to everyone satisfaction.
 Hi, are you registered to vote? Hello there, yes I am, are you? I think it is important to vote. 
 Hi there. Are you a fan of jazz? I think it is so historical. Since the 1920s it has been recognized as the major form of musical expression. Yes I love jazz!  I love it because it has both swing and blue notes.
 What do you think about drive-thru restaurants? I love them, I can get in and out of my favorite restaurant faster!
 Hi, do you watch basketball? I watch it occasionally on TV. Do you?
 Did you know that Blockbuster declined several offers to buy Netflix for $50 million but they turned it down? I know, they missed out on that!
 Do you watch Netflix? I love it an watch it all the time and you?
 Are you a fan of the banjo, or can you play it? I know a little about the Banjo.   I know that they are actually quite versatile instruments.
 Do you play an instrument? I used to play the guitar, but could never get good at it. I wonder if I could play the banjo. I don't play any instruments. I flunked the recorder test. I stink. Banjos are cool. I had no idea that there were different types of banjos!
 Hi, Do you like Guitar? I love to listen to the guitar. I have never learned to play. How about you?
 Are you a fan of jazz? I love listening to jazz bands live! How about you?
 Hi, how are you today? How do you feel about trousers? I like to wear them they are comfortable and I use them every day
 Do you use the internet frequently? Yeah, I use Amazon a lot.  It has come a long way since being an online bookstore.
 Hi How's it going? Do you use Netflix? Apparently it was founded all the way back in 1997! It has come a long way! hi frnd.. sry i am not use Netfix. Do you use it?
 Hello - how are you today? Hi, I'm good. I was just thinking about how spoiled I am. I have Netflix, media services headquartered in Ca. It's a subscription. Have you heard of it?
 Hello, do you watch basketball? Hello, I love watching basketball, how about you?
 Hey there. Did you know IMDB is subsidiary of Amazon? I heard that. I guess Amazon will soon own almost everything that we cherish.
 Are you familiar with director Tamara Jenkins?  I guess she's made a reappearance after being gone for a while with a movie called "Private Life". I don't know her. Private Life? Is it famous? Is it on Netflix? 
 Hi, how are you? Well, thanks. Have you heard of a guy called Mr SportsCenter?
 Are you a dog person? Yes I am.  My dog is at my feet right now as a matter of fact.  Are you?
 do you like basketball? yes I do. Do you know which is the highest grossing basketball movie?
 hi, do you like drama? Absolutely! I enjoy dramatic stage and screen productions as well as radio programs. How about you?
 hello do you like basketball? Hi there, I do, how about you?
 hey there, are you a fan of netflix I am. Are you a fan of Netflix?
 Hello. How much must Blockbuster regret not buying Netflix, for only 50 million Well it did cost them everything.  They could be reaping the rewards but who knows if they would have had the forethought to create over 126 original series and movies
 Do you like the drama genre? Yes. I watch drama as well as other types of movies
 Hi, how are you? Do you like Google? I do, I use it all the time.  Did you hear how they mow their lawns.
 Hello do you know many facts about the sun? I do not know much. he is a giant fellow in the sky. 
 How cool is the sun?! It is actually white in color! Yeah I know. And it makes up 98.86% of the mass in our universe
 Do you follow astrology or place any faith in it? Not really, some people are obsessed though
 Good Morning! How are you? Im great, did you watch the movie Roma?
 Do you have netflix? I used to but not just freeload off family lol, it's not as good as a deal as it was when it started streaming in 2007
 Hi, are you a basketball fan? Yes! I went to University of Kentucky!
 How do you feel about Buzzfeed? Many, like Gene Weingarten, would criticize it. Im not familiar with it.
 Have you heard any good albums lately? I love The Darkside of the Moon. Even though it was released over 40 years ago it was the bestseller in 2014.
 hey how's it going? Good, how are you?
 do you listen to albums? Yes I do. Have you listened to Hybrid Theory?
 How's it going? Are you a NBA fan? there's a total of 30 teams in the league, the New York Knicks are my favorite I am an NBA fan.  The Knicks are my favorite also.
 Hey there what's your favorite musical album? I know that I like Pink Floyds dark side of the moon I like Linkin Park's hybrid theory
 Remember when collections of music were called "albums" instead of CDs or MP3s? That was back in the day lol, but I had so many! 
 Have you ever heard of the book "the book of lists"? it was published back in 1977 I may have. I'm guessing from the title that it's full of lists of varying categories?
 Do you watch TV? I do.  I love the Simpsons - Fox actually considered making a cable channel of just that show!
 Hi how's it going? Do you like the NBA? Currently there are 30 teams Hello,  I like basketball but I do not keep up with it.  These are some interesting facts though! Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba.
 Do you own any dogs? I do not, unfortunately. Do you?
 How's it going, did you know fox news is provide in 86 countries? Yes, I did know that and its broadcasted overseas territories worldwide with international broadcasts featuring Fox Extra segments during ad breaks.
 I enjoy lots of different kinds of music. How about you? Same here. what kind in particular? 
 It's truly remarkable how far the internet has come in the span of just over 20 years, wouldn't you say? I mean it's completely revolutionized everything from research and communications to commerce and gaming. Absolutely. I vividly remember the buzz of AOL starting up. I think it's funny that we pu so much info online that people "egosurf", or look for info abou tthemselves.
 hi how are you doing over there? good day so far in this universe of ours? Hi! I am doing great over here and yes it's a good day so far in our universe.  How about you?
 Hey there do you like Bill Murray? Bill and me don't get along so good now. But yeah, he's a pretty good guy for a Cubs fan.
 Hi, do you like comedy? I love comedies!  How about you?
 good morning! Are you a comedy fan? I love a good laugh! I am too, but I have not heard ofMike sacks.
 Good morning.  When was the last time you went on a first date? Hello - I've been married for 9 years now and was dating my wife about 4 years prior so it's been a very long time lol. What about you?
 Hello, what are your thoughts about television? i like watching series on televisioion
 Did you know that television is called "telly" in some places? I did not know that. I'm glad that we do have color televisions now though I would hate to only watch TV in black and white. What about you
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Do you like watching tv?
 hello,  how are you feeling in todays America? It's a pretty uneasy time in today's America, but I rely a lot on various types of comedy to keep my spirits up. How about you?
 Pretty crazy that the analyst who angered so many Koreans was hired only for the Opening Ceremonies.  I know!! He misused his position to pit Japan against Korea. His role was just to give an overview of Japan but he was obviously mistaken in what he was required to do
 Hello! hi there
 What do you prefer, drama or comedy films? I think I appreciate comedy films a bit more, you?
 Do you prefer comedy or drama? Hmm, I guess i don't have a preference for type just for content.  I like good comedy and good drama.  What's your preference?
 Hi, do you like comedy? I do!  Did you know that Bill Murray thinks Kung Fu Hustle is the supreme achievement of the modern comedy age!
 Hi, how are you? I am good.  Internet dating can be challenging, do you think?
 Hi!  Are you a fan of comedy? I do! I'm a big fan of Demetri Martin. Did you know he gave up Harvard Law to pursue his career?
 Hey how often to use your telephone? I use my cell phone almost everyday, I don't even have a house phone anymore I use my phone every day I think its one of the best inventions ever!
 Do you watch Netflix much? i dont watch much now. I used to watch a lot. YOu?
 hi there, do you like animals? Sure, who doesn't.  I've liked them ever since I read "Peter Rabbit"
 hi do you watch disney movies? well i saw kung fu panda...is that disney?
 Hello! How are you? I'm good!  Do you watch netflix?
 I suppose you would know that animals are multicellular. No, I do not know.  Please tell me more so that I can understand more the difference between humans and animals.  
 Hello, How are you today. Hi, great! I really enjoy watching cookie shows on Netflix and am excited to learn that Patrick O'Connell has released a culinary biography about the Inn at Little Washington.
 hi, do you use the telephone much? Hi yes,  absolutely,  everyday actually lol How about yourself?
 Have you ever read Kristen Page-Kirby's column "Reelist" about movies? No, sorry I haven't.  What's it about?
 Have you seen the next fantastic beasts? Hello there, no I haven't but I heard it was pretty good.  How about you?
 Have you been using any streaming services lately? are you referring to things like netflix? If so, I've been using that and Amazon Prime. What about you?
 do u like Wrestling? Not really, never did, nor saw the attraction in it, how about yourself?
 Hello there, are you a Johnny Depp fan? I do like some of the movies he was in, like Charlie and the chocolate factory and Alice in wonderland. Do you?
 Hi. Do you like movies? Do you have a favorite actor? I really like Johnny Depp I dont really have a favorite.  I loved Johnny Depp in  Edward Scissorhands.  Part of that was filmed in my hometown.
 Hello! Are you a big dog person? I love dogs! They have great qualities. What about you?
 are you interested in government related policy I can't believe how much of a disaster the festival was. 
 Hey! Do you travel a lot? Hey yes I do, I just got back from Florida actually it was for work though, how often do you travel
 Are you a fan of superheros? I love super hero movies. how about you?
 Are you a Trump fan? Not at all but I'd love to see the fake movie trailer he made for Kim Jong Un
 Good morning! You like the drama genre? I think it's fitting that it is considered a form of poetry. I know so little about drama. i did not know that it was a form of poetry.
 Good evening!  He is in the news a lot, but do you know much about Kim Jong-un? I don't, despite seeing him on TV or news sometimes with President Trump. I heard about the summit Trump was invited to by him and when he showed up, he was the only one there. Was it a joke, you think?
 Did you ever watch House the TV drama?  No, what is it about?
 What do you think about Christine Woods? She writes children's books but I've never read any of her work I don't know - I have no opinion. What do you think about her?  I know that she is a writer living Maine.  Is she a children book writer?
 Hi, how are you? Good.  Did you hear that there may be a second US-North Korea summit in the coming months?
 Hello,  how are you doing?  I dont know this actor/actress but thats sounds incorrect,  cuz didnt each of the FRIENDS cast make 1.2  mil every episode? I don't know.  Sounds like that makes more sense.  Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas any more supposedly because of his belief in making movies projecting positivity
 hi how are you? do you like animals? I love animals!  My favorite would probably be the Elephant, if I had to pick.
 Morning. How good is the Internet? So good that it can cause real addiction measurable in the brain! Good morning. The internet is awesome and I can see why people can get addicted to it.
 Hello! How are you today? Im great, do you like rapping?
 The Fyre Festival was a complete fraud.  It is a shame how they duped people and took their money Agreed. I'm so glad Billy McFarland who was the festival organizer was sentenced to six years in prison for wire fraud. He deserves it!
 Do you think Trump should by buddying up to Kim Jong-un No. I don't think he's trustworthy. Kim jong un has started to edit pictures to depict a different history just as previous communist leaders mao and stalin did.
 Hi how are you? Fine.  Have you heard of OAR a Russian band?
 Hi do you follow hockey? i do not follow hockey. i do not understand the sport.
 Isn't crazy the the Patriots won the 6th time??? Hi, it is crazy for sure. Are you only a football fan or a fan of other sports too?
 Hey there do you ever watch baseball on TV or the World Series hello,  yes I watch it sometimes.  Usually only if the Giants are playing. 
 Hey do you ever watch the World Series? Apparently viewership has been declining over the years I do watch it.  I'm a baseball fan.  The sport has been declining in popularity for years now.  So that doesn't suprise me.
 Good morning!  Do you watch any baseball? Hi! I love baseball! What about you? I also love kickball aka "soccer baseball" as the Canadians call it. Ha!
 Hi, how are you this morning? Hello there, I am good thank you, how about you?
 The O.A.R. refers to Olympic Athletes from Russia wut is also the name of a band. Did you Google that?  A single google search requires more computing power than it did to send the astronauts to the moon.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music and TV? Yes I really like music. I even like Katy Perry, her real last name was Hudson though which is weird
 Hi! There was some interesting trivia in the facts I just read.  For instance, it said Daniel Day-Lewis is the only actor have won an Oscar 3 times for Best Actor.  I always thought Tom Hanks had done that too, but maybe not. I have no idea how many Tom Hanks won, he probably had more nominations.
 Do you like to dance ? haha only at parties, did you know that Bruce Lee actually won a cha cha championship? He was a great dancer
 do you like dance? I love it. Do you know which dance she did when she was auditing for GoT?
 hey my friend do you like to dance? Not really. How about you? I would love to try the ballet slippers that make drawings from the dancer's movements.
 HI there, do you enjoy dance? Hello, yes very much so.Bruce Lee was a great dancer too, same as Tupac
 Do you like American Idol? Apparently it's back now. I just heard that! I used to watch it. Do you?
 I was shocked to hear that Eminem had so many awards I'm not surprised, he has a lot of hits. 
 do you like Jay-Z? he is good. Did you know he went to high school with notorioug big and busta rhymes
 Hey there did you hear how George Zimmerman was recently charged with stalking? Hello. Again? He sure has a problem minding his manners. Was it the private investigator?
 How's it going? Do you listen to rap? I listen to Jay-z sometimes, I really like The Blueprint released in 2001 I think Jay-Z  is a great performer, his had contributioins with other great artists like Bustha Rhymes and also with Linking Park
 Hi, are you a fan of Jay-Z? I am indeed a fan of Jay-Z and especially the style of rap that he brought forth in general
 Hey did you know that no woman has ever been nominated for the Academy Awards for best cinematography? No i did not know that, are there a lot of women who do Cinematography? 
 hi, how are you? I am good thank you. I love TV and movies. One of my favorite genres is drama. Do you enjoy drama?
 Hi, do you like movies? Sure, when I have the chance. How about you? 
 do you like drama? yes I do, did you ever watch House MD?
 Hello - how are you today? I am good. How about you?
 Have you heard of the video game "A Way Out."  It is a "shared" video game where players work together to build interpersonal relationships. I have not heard of it. Have you?
 I was trying to figure out if I should watch some Family Guy or play the Playstation. Today is my day off work and I want to relax. Well video games can be a good way to relax. DO you know what they were originally called?
 Hello!  Do you like using computers? Not that much but I do have to for work. Luckily I don't smoke as smoking near Apple computers voids their warranty.
 Ok, my daughter loves Hamilton, but never been and i love my daughter... but the price just seems ridiculous! Lol don't worry I'm completely with you on this one.
 Hello! Are you a fan of the hit blockbuster, "Hamilton?" Over 80,000 users online tried to get tickets for it on February 28, 2016. No, I am not. How about you? I did not know it was so popular that people would not get tickets!
 Hi, Do you know who the highest paid actor is worldwide of all time? I have no idea. Who is it?
 hey there, are you much of a Facebook user? I am I actually love to use Facebook I keep updated with current events and with family that lives far aywa, what about you?
 Would you be lost with out the the internet? totally lost. I do a lot of egosurfing lol
 Did you ever watch Full House? I used to love the Olsen twins I use to watch it all the time when I was teenager. I love the Olsen twins as well.
 Do you use facebook?  Not at all. Do you?
 Hello! Are you an active member of Facebook? I am and I do enjoy it! Can you believe MySpace rejected an offer from Facebook for $75 million back in 2005? Oh what might have been!
 Do you use Facebook? More frequently than I should. How about you?
 do you know much about celebrities? Some stuff. DId you know there is another guy named Justin Bieber?
 Hi, do you read the full terms when you buy something online? I never used to until I got burned... I am like just about everyone else, I do not read them, or understand them if I do.
 do you use the internet a lot? Yes. Astronauts have stronger internet than we do
 Did you ever watch Full House? Hello, I loved Full House growing up. What about you?
 Have you heard that people draft contestants for fantasy spelling bee?  Pretty amazing to me. I'm not even sure how they would even know that. Aren't all the contestants children?
 Hello. Do you watch TV? Yes I do! Probably more than I should! What about you?
 Jack the Bulldog has the life.. Why did you say that?
 Hello there, are you a fan of fantasy sports?  Hi, how are you? I don't really know much about them.
 I really enjoy fantasy related books and television.  Are you a fan? I enjoy certain authors and shows.  What is your favorite?  
 Hi, do you know a lot about internet Actually yes, I do, for example the www at the front of an url means the world wide web. What about you?
 Hi, what is your favorite album of all time? and favorite format? Do you still play LPs? That's a tough call because I love so many styles of music.  I literally love it all!  I
 Hello, do you use the internet a lot? I do.  I use it at home and at work.  It's amazing that it can carry a vast range of information resources.
 Hi , do you like music? Hi there I do like music. Who do you like exactly? I really like Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin personally
 Are you a fan of Kate Atkinson? I did not know who she is. I love to read, I would like to read some of her novels, like Life after Life, Behind the scenes at the museum  or any other.
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like Youtube? Netflix and youtube together make up half of peak internet traffic in north america I do like YouTube though I prefer to watch Netflix more.
 Are you a fan of YouTube? Hi there, I am, I use it all the time for music and if I ever need to learn how to do something.  How about you, do you use it much?
 Do you like watching movies? Yes but I'm not into some genres like horror.  YouTube is being criticized for its ad tactics regarding a horror movie.
 Are you a big youtube fan?  I can't get enough of it.  I think I watch it more than anything else now. I can't say that I do. I rely more on Hulu and Netflix for my entertainment. I always forget YouTube was created by some PayPal employees.
 Hey there. I really love listening to the radio. I like the old classics. Oh nice me too. I like oldies stations. If you like dramas there is a website where you can listen to free episodes of radio dramas.
 Have you ever read a Kate Atkinson book before? Good morning!  I have never heard of her.  Tell me more.
 Do you prefer fiction or non fiction stories? I prefer spy novel's!
 Have you read questions to Miss Manners? I have.  I usually enjoy columns like that.
 How's it going? Did you know during the cultural revolution in China that gangs would layer as many shirt as they could an pop their collars? Sounds ridiculous and not cool on a hot day. Did you ever take advice from Miss Manners?  Emily Post?
 Hi there! Do you read Mrs. Manners? Hi! No I didn't read Mrs. Manners, what is it about?
 i think it is rude of a guest to sleep in so late if you've told them you will need to be up and using the space for work. What are your thoughts? I think a guest shouldn't overstay their welcome, especially when informed not to
 Hello, do you use facebook a lot? I do! Hey there, yes I use Facebook almost every day. Did you know that Facebook allows anyone who claims to be 13 years or older to join
 Do you like Golf? Hello, I do like golf. What about you?
 Are you a fan of facebook? I sure am, how about you?
 Do you know anything about Wayne Rooney? I read about him but I am not very familiar.  Can you tell me more about him?
 Have you ever heard of Wayne Rooney? A major soccer sensation that plays for the DC United.  no I have not. Speaking about soccer , it is payed in over 200 countries and is the most popular sport in the world 
 Do you often use youtube or facebook? Yes, I try to use socal media but limit myself to the weekends. What about you?
 Hi How are you this evening? Hello,  I am doing great!  How are you?
 Hi what kind of entertainment do you like? hi how are you? i like many kinds of entertainment. i used to play video games.
 Crazy that myspace had a chance to buy facebook for only $75 mil Missed opportunity. Their IPO was $104 Billion. Wish I could have invested back in the day.
 How's it going? Have you've ever played golf, a popular club and ball sport? Hi! I do love playing and watching golf. In fact, Antarctica actually has a disc golf course I hope to see one day. How about you?
 Hey, how are you doing this evening? Do you like watching Netflix? Im fine! how are you? i used to watch netflix, but i dont now. You?
 Do you have any kids that you watch movies with? We like to watch superhero movies.  You?
 Hi, how are you doing. Do you like lady Gaga? I do not mind her. My girlfriend is obsessed with her! Do you?
 Hello! How are you today? I am good! The sun is shining here! What about you?
 Hello there, do you enjoy eating fish or any seafood? I like fish better, what about you?
 Did you know that dalmatians are associated with firefighters cuz they would calm and protect the horses.  I love dalmatians, when i was little I begged my mom for one. I didn't know that. I always wanted one too 101 Dalmatians was one of my favorite movies growing up
 Hello, Do you like travel? YES i like  long travel 
 Hello there, do you follow baseball during the season? Hello, and no. I do not. I think its hilarious that a 17 year old girl, struck out both Babe Ruth and Lou gehrig.
 D you like horses? Hi! I love horses! My favorite horse is the Icelandic horses because they actually have a fifth speed tolt which is like a horse's speedwalk! What about you?
 Do you like horses by any chance? I'm afraid not, my wife does though, she's actually at a barn right now!
 The dutch are creating commuter bus that go 160mph. Imagine traveling that fast on the roads. I wonder how they handle that. It sure would speed up travel times. It must be great to get to work fast. Less stress, less wasted time. I wish the US had better public transit.
 Hi there, are you a fan of cinematography? I am, I think that cinematography is an art, what about you? 
 hello, how are you? Hello. Did you know that there are about 20 Quintillion individual animals on eart. T didn't know there was such a thing as Auintillion. LOL.
 hey did you ever see the movie A Quiet Place? I love that movie! I also like John Krasinski as an actor!
 Hello and good evening! I have been reading up on cinematography tonight! Apparently Stanley Kubrick did most of the cinematography work on Spartacus
 Whenever I have a day off, it's hard to not let all the time pass by in indulging in entertainment yea just being lazy sometimes is the best thing.
 hi, do you like animals? Hello there, I do like animals, how about yourself?
 Do you like animals? Yeah I love animals, I have 3 dogs and a domesticated lynx cat that is crazy energetic haha.
 Hi, have you seen a Quiet Place? Oh, that's the movie by the guy in The Office, right? I havent seen it. Have you?
 Did you watch the movie Snakes on a Plane? No, I didn't. Did you? I heard it was cheesey. 
 Have you ever watched House? I  have its actually one of my favorite shows, why do you ask?
 Hello, do you like Shakespeare? I do. Did you know he was born in april of 1564 and lived until april 1616.
 Hi there, hope you are having a good evening. Do you enjoy dancing very much or do you like to sit them out? I don't mind dancing after a few drinks lol,apparently parrots are able to dance to music, that's pretty cool
 Do you know what a Synetic production is? Hi! I have no idea what that is, if I had to take a guess, does it relate to something musical?
 Did you see the Royal wedding?  They were getting married at St. George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.  That will be a big day for them.   I watched segments of it I thought it was a really nice wedding, Harry and Meghan seem like a solid couple.
 do you like shakespeare? I do. Did you know that he popularized many words and phrases?
 Hey there!  Did you watch the Royal Wedding?  I know my wife did.  No chance I was getting up at 7am for that! Actually, yes. The new Duchess was lovely. Windsor Castle was, well, historic as ever. Lots of celeb. VIPs in attendance. Drama, Entertainment & News rolled into one event. A girl thing, maybe?
 William Shakespeare is the greatest writer and dramatist in English language, So he is called England's national poet. That he was! Did you know he and Pocahantas were alive at the same time?
 Hi there! Do you love the internet as much as me? hi how are you? yes, i love the thing! i am addicted
 Do you like drama? I sure do. Have you seen House MD?
 Ever seen that Snakes On a Plane movie? Yeah I have, Samuel L Jackson is on that movie right?
 Are you subscribed to Netflix? It is a good place to stream movies and tv shows. Not anymore. What about you? 
 How's it going, have you've ever read Shakespeare? He was an English poet and playwright Yes I actually like Shakespeare a lot. I really like the movie Titus, which is based on his play Titus, have you seen that?
 Hello!  Are you familiar with the TV show, House? I remember watching a few episodes of it when it was on the evening lineup, but never followed it regularly. You?
 What Broadway play did Elaine May star in? I do know that.  It is the Waverly Gallery.  Even though she is a comedian, she does this dramatic part well.
 How's it going, do you like Drama? It has been around since at least 335 BC I do like drama. But I really love comedy!
 Do you like drama movies, novels, films? I do like watching dramas, how about you?
 drama or comedy? What? Should you and I perform a drama or a comedy? Is that what you mean? Why not both?
 Do you like watching comedy films? I do love to watch comedies! How about you? In fact, 3rd Rock From the Sun was one of the best! I was so happy when it won the best comedy series at the Golden Globe back in 1997. It beat out some great competition!
 Do you listen to Country Music?  I do, actually. I don't keep up with the gossip so it's interesting to hear that Miranda Lambert is mixed up in this divorce drama. Do you listen to country music at all?
 Hello, how are you doing tonight? I am great, how are you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  Are you a fan of country music?
 Hello are you a fan of country music? I cant honestly say that I am.  how about you?
 Hello, do you like music albums? I do, especially rap albums. How about you?
 I'm happy that Hybrid Theory was so popular. I love Linkin Park and White Stripes and all those other 00s bands -- they were like a holdover from the classic days of grunge. Yeah they had some good sounds. 
 Are you a fan of hip-hop? Somewhat, how about you?
 Hello there, are you a big hip hop fan? hi, I can't say that I'm a big fan but I do like some of it, what about yoU?
 hi how are you? do you like to go to concerts? Yes, I love going to concerts!
 I am a big fan of comedy. How about yourself? yes I enjoy it also. The green lantern film was originally going to be a comedy with jack black 
 Did you know that Linkin Park played over 300 songs in 2001? No, I did not know about that.  Are you his fan
 Hey, looking for something to do in D.C.? You should check out the Kennedy Center, it's pretty cool. 
 I didn't realize Robin Williams was the first celebrity to be the voice of a Disney character in a movie.  Yeah, that seems crazy to think since every major animated movie now has big named celebs as voices
 Hello, how are you this evening? I'm good! Do you watch "The Voice"? I used to, but not anymore.
 How you doing? Have you heard of Fangoria, the horror magazine? I recently read something about that! Apparently, it's been around since 1979.
 Do you like horror films? I cant say that I do.  However Stephen King thought Bambi was a horror film and I enjoyed that one, so maybe?
 Hi! Did you know that Adele went to a private school for performing in England? Hi there, I did not know that but it makes sense! Interested that she and Amy Winehouse went to the same high school.
 Hi, how are you? Good, yourself? do you listen to music?
 HI, Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that you can actually hear them by AM radio? Yes i was listening to them on my AM radio the other day. Its kinda cool
 Fleetwood Mac seems to have a lot of drama in their band.  They are always changing their roster It's true. One of the core band member Lindsey Buckingham was fired. I have heard he is a difficult band member and was fired due to tour disagreements.
 Are you interested in clothing? I wear them everyday so I guess I am, I like to wear pants and trousers, I hear they originated in east Asia
 hello! Hi, Just finished watching basketball game, do you watch the Warriors?
 do you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you know who Reggie Miller is?
 I am surprised that today's athletes have surgery on their knees all the time and that is not a deal killer like it used to be.  I know. I find that weird. Same with pitchers and Tommy John surgery.
 You a big fan of basketball?  Admittedly, that was more my brother's gig than mine, but I do find some things about it fascinating.  For instance, they say Kim Jong Un was obsessed with the sport and spent hours drawing Michael Jordan!  Weird, huh? I am a big fan of the game Jordan is the  best his my favorite player, it seems like you like basketball as well
 Hello there, do you watch the NBA? Hey there, I am actually a very big fan of the NBA. Do you have a favorite team? 
 Hi. Are you a Fleetwood Mac fan? I am, I like Go Your Own way. 
 Hello, do you like cars? Yes, I love cars.  Let's start with the definition.  A car or automobile is a wheeled motor vehicle used for transportation.  Most definitions of car say they run primarily on roads, seat one to eight people, have four tires, and mainly transport people rather than goods. 
 Do you own a car/ Hello, I do, what about you?
 How do you feel about Fleetwood Mac?  A little dysfunctional but a great band... I've never been impressed with them musically, but I can appreciate their longevity despite the drama.
 Do you like to watch Netflix? I watch netflix all the time. What about you? Do you use netflix?
 Do you like Fleetwood Mac? I do not know much about him to be honest.
 DId you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor in tv drama making $700,000 per episode in House? No, I didn't know that. Did you know there is a website that you can listen to classical radio dramas?
 Do you like cars?  Hello, I do to some extent, I think they can be interesting, what about you?
 I just read that at the start of WWi that all the diplomats in the US were sent out to the countryside into luxury hotels to stop them from communicating with their governments. Nice!  I would love to send all the politicians to Jupiter for a few years to improve Earth's atmosphere! Although I have heard that radio waves from Jupiter can be detected on Earth. So, maybe we send the politicians to another galaxy instead.
 Are you a fan of stand up comedy? Hello there, I am how about you?  I have never been to a live show though, I would like too. 
 I just learned that in WWII more than 1,000 employees were sent to live in luxury hotels. Wow well that would have been nice ha ha. I live close to DC
 Hi do u like basketball? Hello, I love basketball. The first basket was played 1891.
 Good morning, are you a basketball fan? I enjoy the National Basketball Association!
 I've never seen either season of Westworld, have you? Never, me either
 do you shop online ? All the time. I prefer Amazon and you?
 Good afternoon. Did you see how cold I was in D.C Yeah I did,  that is pretty cold.  Do you like Amazon?
 Good Morning! How are you? Im great, wanting to know the forecast to the DC area, do you rely on forecasts? sometimes they are really off
 Have you ever watched Westworld? Yes. I like Ed Harris.
 Hello do you shop online much? Hi there, yes I shop quite a bit on Amazon and you?
 do you shop online? SUre I do I prefer Amazon, and you?
 Do you watch TV ? Yes I do.  I  think it's interesting that signals were switched from analog to digital.
 Hi, do you watch a lot of TV?  If you watch Pokemon, there is a lot to see.  There are over 750 episodes. Over 750 episodes? wow I used to watch the show as a kid, only 150 Pokemons back then
 Rhiannon Navin recently wrote a novel about a school shooting through the eyes of a six year old child. I heard about that they said it takes great skill to maintain the the voice of a child for the novel
 Hello! Do you buy many things from Amazon? I hate to admit but I do. I love Amazon. How about yourself?
 How's it going, do yo like guitar. It's pretty challenging fretting the 6 strings on them Yeah I never quite got the hang of playing the guitar. Brian May has an interesting way of playing the guitar, with an English sixpence.
 How many strings guitar have? Six
 Hey, do you like Toys R Us? It was fun as a kid. A magic kingdom:)
 Good evening.  I was driving around recently and went by a store my kids used to love Toys R Us, but it was going out of business.  :( I remember shopping there. It really was a magic place.
 Did you ever shop at the store Toys R Us? Yes, but it's been quite a long time. I didn't realize they were going under.
 Hey there do you know how to play the guitar? Or any other instruments for that matter Hello there, I can play the guitar a little bit, how about you?
 Did you find the first part of this kinda hard to read?  I thought it was somewhat emotionally upsetting. I concur.  Shooting at innocent children is the worst crime ever
 Hi, do you want to talk about television, Star Wars, or XBox? How about television?
 Have you ever watched Youtube?  Yes, I enjoy Youtube. Lots of shows and music there. How about you?
 Did You hear ? There are cat cafes in japan and taiwan where people can pay hourly to play with cats and have drinks! I actually saw something like on one of my favorite TV shows, Girls. I guess that is one way to get your pet fix in! 
 What do you think of Youtube?  It is a nice place to browse cute animal videos
 Hi! Are you a fan of cats, by chance? I think it's hilarious that by the time a cat hits 15 years old, its spent nearly 10 years sleeping! I'm not a big cat fan myself, but I believe that about sleeping. I find it pretty funny how crazy some people can be about cats. Did you know that there are cat cafe's in Japan and Taiwan where people pay by the hour to play with cats?
 Hello, do you use the Internet much? A lot -- I'm a freelance writer, so I use it for research and to promote my writing. How about you?
 hey did you know the three horizontal lines you see all over the internet is called a hamburger button? That term makes me hungry haha I agree. Do you use the internet often?
 Good morning to you! Good morning! Do you use facebook?  I can't believe it was founded back in 2004!
 Its funny how memes go viral and then everyone talks about them Hilarious, I don't read a lot of memes? 
 As someone who watches the news, they didn't seem to cover the camp fire in California as much as they did the hurricanes of 2017. I guess nothing sells more than state wide panic, news channels care more about ratings than anything else, I remember the importance they gave to hurricanes such as Irma and Maria a few years ago
 Do you know that only 7% of people read the ToS when buying a product on the internet?  I had no idea. But I heard that humans are in the minority on the internet, outnumbered by automated software programs. Crazy?
 Hello! How are you today? Good morning! I am good. I'm thankful that the sun is shining.
 No matter where you are, Spring is a beautiful time of year! Yes it is.  Are you an animal fan?  Did you know that horses, as well as sharks and orangutans are ticklish?
 Hello, do you use the internet much? Yes, I do, unfortunately. It takes up most of my time. What about you?
 hi, do you like horses? Hello,  yes I like horses.  Did you know clint eastwood is allergic to horses? lol he does so many western movies . 
 Hello there. Do you have a Facebook account? I don't use mine that much but I can't believe my space had the opportunity to buy it back in 2005. i dont have an fb account. myspace had their chance. i wonder what would have happened if myspace had bought fb.
 Which social media do you use? I am a Facebook user not into much other than that, how about you?
 I think Facebook is one of the best of social media. What do you think about it? Im worried about privacy issues but has connected the world like never before
 do you like horses? I love them. Horses in Iceland have a fifth speed, pretty cool
 did you Know that www stands for World wide web I did. How long have you been on the internet would you say?
 Did you watch the Academy Awards? I missed them this year.  Aren't they also called the Oscars?
 Hi, do you like music? yes I do. do you have a favorite instrument?
 hey did you know that the sun is actually white? What white?! No I had no idea. How did I mange to go through life not knowing or hearing about that yet. What else am I missing out on?
 hi how are you? do you like the guitar? Back in college I strummed some tabulature's, but playing isn't what I would call it. I was a Who fan back then and saw Pete Townshend smash a few,  did you know Mattew Bellamy from Muse holds the smashing record? Do you play?
 Hey my friend do you have a landline or a cell phone? I use a cellphone, but I have both. What about you? 
 What do you think of soundtracks? I am for em! What do you think about them?
 Hello there, do you ever watch the Oscars? Are those the same as the Academy Awards or different?
 Hello Friend! Have you watched the movie Jaws?  I watched it a long time ago. Very good film. A blockbuster. Really gave Spielberg his name.
 new yorks area code is 212 because its the fastest to dial on a rotary phone Yes, that sounds right. the new yorkers are all about speed.
 Are you a Game of Thrones fan? no not really. i dont have hbo so i dont watch, you?
 Hello,  do you like television?  It looks like there is only one episode in the simpsons that Bart is not in!  Crazy,  hes the star of the show!  lol  Hello, yes I am a big TV fan. I love the Simpsons, I agree with you Bart is the best, it would be like taking Homer out, I wonder why they did that for the episode.
 Did you like Jason Mamoa's role in Game of Thrones ? hi, how are you? yes, i did. i thought he was a good choice. good casting there.
 Hello. Do you like game of thrones? I love it. I am not the biggest fan, but I tried to get into it when it first came out
 DO you like to dance? I am not the best dancer, but Michael Jackson sure was!
 Do you like the universe? I think the sun is interesting, it's the perfect sphere of hot plasma! Hi I do like the Universe since I am a part of it.  lol  You must be talking about the sun?
 hi how are you? do you use facebook? I use facebook reluctantly, but yes, lol. How about you?
 hey there, do you enjoy reading? I wish I did more, I listen to a lot of educational podcasts though. Do you?
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? Hi there. I used to be a voracious reader, I 'd like to make more time for it. Maybe I should take up speed reading--the world record is 4,700 words per minute!
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you? Do you like to use Facebook?
 Hi, how are you? Hi im doing great how about yourself? Do you like to read?
 do you think parents should be allowed to keep their kids from doing state required testing? Goodness, that's a good question that I really haven't thought about it.  I believe testing is good for states to see which schools are over and underachieving.  What about you?
 Do you watch a lot of tv?  I do, I love watching TV, what about you?
 hey, did you know teh emperor of Japan is a scientist? Hello, i do know that and he still publishes papers!
 hi, how are you? do you watch tv?  hi, i love tv
 I am a big fan of television. Do you watch much TV? I love television also and i like alot of the shows they mentioned
 Hello, How are you tonight? Do you watch Television? Occasionally. But all that is ever on is Pokemon!
 Are you a rap fan? I haven't listened to a lot of new artists these days. Not really. I hear a lot of them are getting arrested!
 I find I often look for television shows that are more geared toward educational information. Do you watch television? Hi! Yes, I do! Not as much as I used to. I really enjoyed watching the Simpsons when I was younger. Nowadays I watch Netflix or Youtube when I have the time. Have you watched the 70's show?
 Hello, how are you today? Hello! I am doing well, how are you?
 Hi. Do you watch baseball? Hello,  yes sometimes.  How about yourself?  Did you know kickball can also be called soccer-baseball?  lol 
 Hi there, hope you are having a good day! Are you taking this survey on your phone? I'm not, but I really can't imagine not having a smart phone! I could not live without my phone! I lave to listen to rap music (which is a musical form combining rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street ventricular).
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I am good. How are you?  Do you have an iphone by chance?
 Hello - how are you today? I'm doing good and you?
 Hello,  do you like watching tv? Well, Hello, My friend. Funny you ask, as a matter a fact, I do. I really enjoy watching the 70's show. I've watched it over and over so many times. Did you know they tried to do a remake in UK named "days like these" but it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 do you watch tv? Yes a lot of it. do you ever watch the SImpsons?
 Do you watch much baseball? I watch it all the time. Do you?
 Hello,  do you like rap or rapping? I do enjoy some of it. Although, I recently heard a Kanya West song with lyrics comprised mostly of "poop" so he's definitely on my questionable list now.
 Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises. This is funny since some of the managers are in their 70's. I'd pay to see that game. lol, I never knew that. Did you know Japanese baseball fans don't associate baseball as America's pastime?
 hey there, do you like baseball? A little, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I did not know there was a show called the barbershop. did you?
 hey Did you know that Judge Judy makes over 120k dollars per episode I did not know though.  It's a very popular show though, so that doesn't surprise me.  Have you ever watched it?  I've seen some clips here and there, but not a whole episode.  
 Hey! Are you a basketball fan at all? Yeah but i don't get to watch anymore as much, You?
 i did not know the NBA had 30 teams. that's alot! It is but it makes the league more watchable. Do you watch the NBA?
 I had no idea the YMCA invented softball. That is very cool! I wonder if softball was always intended to be more of a women's sport, like it is now. It is an interesting fact! I love softball and it was invented way back in 1887, long time ago. I also like baseball! 
 Good Morning! How are you today? Hello, good thank you. Do you like baseball?
 did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid TV actor ever? Just how much does he make?  
 Hello.  I recently heard that the sun is actually white and not yellow. I had no idea. Why is that?
 Cars are over 130 years old.  the first was built in 1886 by Karl Benz. McDonalds added drive thrus to help soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars
 Good morning! Have you seen the series Marvelous Mrs. Maisel? I watched a few episodes it's pretty good-even got an emmy! I did, it was a good series, I didnt know about the Emmy part though
 I admire Jeff Bezos so much, he has built one of the greatest businesses of our time because its so diversified, from selling video streaming services to audiobooks, electronics, apparel, toys, food and so much more! I thank Jeff Bezos too!  I don't know what I would do with out my kindle.  I really love how Amazon created the font called "bookerly" it is designed to be easy to read on kindles.  
 do you shop online? a lot actually for my family and you?
 Good morning! Did you watch the Emmy's? No, I didn't. I'm not really in to awards shows. But a lot of people are. Did you watch?
 Hi, how are you today? What do you know about our friend the sun? Hey, I'm good, thanks. How is your day? I know just general information. Did you read something interesting about the sun recently?
 hi, do you buy from amazon? I love amazon.  I buy everything from books to toys and furniture from them.
 HI there, do you currently own or drive a car? A minivan if you call that a real car.. How about you? What might make my ride a bit more exciting would be a pair of flamethrowers like the kind that are legal in south africa!
 do you watch much tv? hi how are you? i dont watch tv much. YOu?
 how does this make you feel? It makes me feel sad that there's still a bias against religions in the US.
 Hey how are you? good, I would like to discuss presidents. republican presidents have been the only ones to ever have a beard 
 Do you like the Simpson on tv? I like them a little bit.  Do you like the Simpsons?
 Hello, did you know that ecery u.s. president with a beard has been republican? No didn't know about that, do you consider yourself a Republican? 
 So do you like cats? I do but I like dogs a bit better.  Cats sleep 2/3rds of their life.  Sort of stationary fur balls...
 hi how are you? do you like the internet? I sure do. Did you know clicking links on the internet can cause real addiction?
 do you use your phone much? I sure do. Do you know why the NY area code is 212?
 Do you like telephones?  I love telephones, I couldn't live with you iphone, you?
 How do you feel about "speaking ill of the dead"? I have no thoughts either way. What is speaking ill of the dead?
 Are you into soccer much? I love it!  Especially the World Cup!
 Hi, how are you! Hi, do you enjoy tennis?  Let's start off with a definition.  Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players (doubles).
 Hi, how are you? I love to watch some good comedies on television.  Do you?
 I really enjoy comedy. How about you? I do too, it's sad that there's not as many comedies on NBC like there used to be. They had Seinfeld, Friends, 30-Rock, The Office, Park and Rec, now it's mostly dramas.  
 Do you still watch comedy on TV ? I wonder what Jim Carey's belief system is.
 Hello, how are you today? What types of movies do you like to watch? Do you like comedies at all? Hello. I am fine and you? I love comedies because I love a good laugh. How about you comedies or dramas?
 Hi. Do you use Amazon Prime? Yes, I've has it for a number of years now.  I got it for the free two day shipping, I didn't know I'd get all this other stuff.
 Do you use Amazon Prime? Yes, I do.  I love it
 Hello there, do you buy from amazon? I do! do you?
 Hey, do you have Amazon Prime? I do, because I buy a lot from amazon. it is such a big company now
 Hi I saw that the Republican party has been around since 1854. That's a long time what do you think? I think that the Republican party had changed in a century and a half. It is no longer the party of Lincoln. More the party of Lincoln Continental.
 Good morning and thank you for chatting with me today! I find when I get up in the morning I like to turn some music on and dance a bit with exorcise then get my day started. Do you like to dance or exercise? yea I like to dance a bit in my free time. Like babies, I sometimes spontaneously break out into dance when I hear musoc
 Hi, do you like to read? Yes, but I don't do as much as I used to.  I read Ender's Game as it is required reading in the USMC.
 Hi there! How are you today? What do you like to do in your spare time? I like to read. I do love to read. What's your favorite thing to read? Books? 
 Do you use the internet frequently? I do, unfortunately. I'm practically addicted.LOL
 Hi, did you know that when the Earth was first formed, a day was only 5.5 hours long? That is crazy, a lot has changed in the last 4.5 billion years! The earth is so fascinating. 
 Evening.  Hello,  how are you?  The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.
 Hi, how are you? Good how is the internet working for you today?
 I love the internet.  I can access everything there including email, documents, use the telephone and more.  How about you, what is your favorite part? I like checking my emails and learning. Like i found out just now the 3 horizontal lines is called a hamburger.
 I enjoyed Patrick Stewart in the role of Captain Picard. Yeah I did as well, I thought that was a good show when I was growing up. 
 Have you heard of the film series Star Trek? yeah. I watched the TV series though. 
 Hey how are you doing, you a big Natalie Portman fan? Hi! Hope you're doing well!  I am a huge fan of Natalie Portman! But I am surprised that she was upstaged by Raffey Cassidy in Vox Lux. I've never even heard of the young actress! What about you?
 Are you a dog person? I like dogs. I have never had one. You?
 Hi, how are you? im great! do you like dogs?
 do you like horror movies? SOmewhat. DO you know movie was Stephen King terrified of?
 I haven't heard of Vox Lux, but after learning about Natalie Portman's character in the plot, I am intrigued and will watch it. Have you seen it? No but I am a big fan of Natalie's!
 Hello, do you like horror films? Hi there I do! I really like the poems by Edgar Allan Poe and the movie The Shining, have you seen that movie?
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hello. Speaking of chatting, I recently learned that the bars of service on a cell phone have absolutely nothing to do with the connection quality. Now that's surprising.
 hey there, do you like dogs? Hi! Yes I like dogs, I think they're very interesting creatures. What about yourself?
 The information about how Amazon started is really interesting considering how large of a company it is today. Yes. It is. I read that Amazon shift workers walk between 7 and 15 miles on a shift!
 Have you ever heard of the Dog Days Of Summer? Isn't that in Arlington VA?
 Hi, how are you? Hey there, pretty well, how are you. Are much a fan of technology?
 did you know in the 1700s there was a moral panic about how many poeople were reading books haha Hi! No I didn't, that's interesting. Are you a huge book person?
 Isn't it amazing how a telephone works to permit two or more people to communicate? Yes it is.  I can't help but wonder just how sound is converted into electronic signals.
 Hi!  Have you ever played to violin? Hello, I have not. Have you?
 Hello there, do you like dramas? Hello, yes I do! I'm a House fan, and can see why Hugh Laurie made 700K for each episode.
 hey did you know that Jim Hanks does all of Toms Hanks voice acting in video games? I have never heard of Jim Hanks. Do you play video games?
 Do you like to travel? I would, but I can't go very far because I have responsibilities that prevent it. I like taking day trips by car. How about you?
 Hello, how much do you know about the sun? I know the the sun is in the sky and it is hot and it it in the center of our solar system and you do you like knowing facts about the sun ?
 Hello, How are you today. hi! I'm well. How about yourself?
 hi; how important do you think it is for a person to vote in elections? It is important if they want their voice to be heard.
 hi, do you watch wrestling? I don't, but many famous people were wrestlers before moving on to other pursuits, one of which was Plato.
 hey my friend did you know that astronauts can vote from space? hey! no way! That's prety cool. I think it's awesome how people are so passionate about voting. Like people in Austin even voted to rename a garbage dump!
 I've been getting out and canvassing in my neighborhood lately.  Have you ever done that?   No, I cast my vote only but i watched candidates canvassing.
 Hello, do you like YouTube? I do, although lately it seems like the content they're suggesting for me is what they want me to watch and not really geared toward my interests.
 hello my friend do youlike watching youtube? yes,i do
 Hello, do you watch YouTube? I do! how bout yourself?
 Do you watch youtube? I do. Do you watch youtube?
 Hi! Do you like the radio? I do like the radio. There's even a chance to listen to the sun's music as a radio station translates the solar activity into sound.
 Hello, do you know much about the US Senate? hi how are you? i do not. i should be ashamed.
 Hi. It's a good thing that someone like Bill Cosby, a respected actor, has been exposed as a sexual predator. Yeah, his behavior in the court room was despicable.  He was laughing!
 Do you know the names of the two parts of the legislature in the United States? House and the Senate. Do you know what candy bars the senate supplies in their candy desk?
 How's it going? Are you into dancing, it often has aesthetic and symbolic value I'm not really much of a dancer. It's kind of interesting, but not my favorite art form.
 Do you use facebook? I use it more than I would like to. lol
 Do you like Cardi B? Hello there, I think she is pretty talented but I wouldn't say I'm a fan, how about you?
 Hello! Do you have a facebook account? I do but I only use it for news and customer service issues.
 Hi!  Do you follow current celebrities? I follow quite a bit! What about you? I recently followed Stormy Daniels and her friend who confirmed Stormy's affair with Trump. She defended her efforts to get out of that  $130k hush agreement made before the election. 
 do you use the phone much? all the time. DO you know why NY area code is 212?
 Hello, do you know who Dennis Rodman is? Yes, I remember when he played for the Chicago Bulls.  he had a rough "street-style" game.  Also known for multi-color hair, tats, and more piercings than I could count.
 Hello! Are you interested in celebrities? Yes. I feel sort of like a sociologist and they are one group of humans.  Drake is one who graduated high school at age 25.
 Are you a fan of basket ball?  I do like basketball. I dont get much chance to watch it these days. you?
 Are you much of a fan of Johnny Depp? I loved him in lots of movies. Too many to list, I think! What about you? Absolutely,  Love johnny depp,  last movie I saw of him was Fantastic Beasts the crimes of grindlewald.  Hes so perfect for that role!
 Hello. Do you like Pirates of the Caribbean movies? Johnny Depp was epic in those. Nominated for 3 Academy Awards! They weren't my cup of tea. I did love him in Edward Scissorhands. He communicated so much with so few words.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like dogs? I do like dogs.  They are fun no matter what.
 Did You know there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth ? I did not know that. Just think, there are far more insects than animals on earth. That's a creepy thought. 
 Hi do you like Johnny depp? I am a huge fan of his, actually.  What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
 Hey have you ever seen the movie Isle of dogs? It was directed by Wes Anderson Is that the one where dogs are fighting on an island?  It seemed a bit sketchy for a kids movie
 Good morning. Do you like to travel? If so how do you like to travel by foot, car , train, boat, airplane or other means? Hi I love to travel!! Any type of transportation and always eager to try something new!
 Hi, how are you? I'm fine. Do you like to travel? What is your favorite method of travel? I prefer to fly even if it can be a headache.
 Do you like to travel? Yea I love traveling, especially by car around the country and back roads
 Do you like VR games? I do. I've been wanting to play the new one from Moss. You?
 Have you ever played a virtual reality game? Hi! Yes and I love anything PlayStation, especially the PlayStation VR. Namely the game Moss which is like living inside a diorama to which you can manipulate bits of the scenery. What about you?
 Do you like to travel? I love to travel. I'm going on a multi-state trip in June to visit family. How about you?
 Fox News is one of my favorite channels although media can be manipulated did you hear about Mary Rich and her husband? Yes, Mary and Joel Rich have a lawsuit against Fox News. They also put out an interview with ABC News  saying that her Fox News ran a story about her son that was not true.
 Are you a fan of libraries?  I love them! Hi yes I am. They are great. So many different resources to borrow.
 Have you played any model of Playstation? I used to play the original playstation. What about you?
 Do you watch a lot of news channels? I do watch Fox News. What about you?
 Hello fellow human! How you doin'? Do you still enjoy listening to the radio these days or are you not into that? im doing well! personally im not too into radio, are you?
 Do you listen to the radio? I do listen to the radio!  I love those radio waves that carry information to my car radio!
 Wow, scientist Harrison Schmitt walked on the moon. Unlike me. I have never walked on the moon and probably never will. Have you heard of Project Steve?
 Hi. I don't use a cell phone much anyway -- I live in a wireless dead zone and only go into town for errands a few times a month, so I just keep a tracfone for emergencies They just don't have the answer yet as to rather or not it causes cancer.
 Hi! Do you use social media? I use social media do you?
 Hi, what's your opinion on tennis? I am not a fan, but find some of the history interesting. For example, the first US Open was won by a black player (progressive for 1968) and no black man has won it since. 
 It's hilarious that they attempted a duplicate of That 70s Show in the UK. I wonder why it failed? Maybe because of the name lol, Days like These, sounds like theres a lack of creativity there
 Hello, How are you tonight? Do you listen to the radio? I am great, yourself? I love listening to the radio on my commute, how about you?
 Do you listen to the radio much? Only when I am in my car! It's pretty cool how it transmits sound using electromagnetic energy.
 hello are you a fan of serena williams/? Hello there, I wouldn't say I'm a fan but I do think she is really good and dominates that sport, how about you?
 Are you a fan of tennis? I like watching it from time to time, and playing Top Spin on PlayStation.
 Hey there! Are you a tennis fan at all? hi how are you? i dont really know tennis well. do you like it?
 Hello, do you listen to much radio at all? I listen sometimes. Do you?
 Do you ever play video games? I do not but my son plays them, he'd play more if I let him.
 Do you like video games? Yes, I like multiplayer video games. How about you?
 Are you a fan of the Mets? I dont dislike them, but dont actively follow them.  THe Braves were always my team.  Started rooting as a kid because I was sick and they were in the world series so I adopted them.
 Hey are you a Mets fan? I am, what about you?
 do you like baseball? I love it. DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Hi. I was wondering if you follow baseball at all. I sometimes follow baseball. usually around the world series.
 Hello! How are you tonight? Im great. How are you? Do you use netflix?
 Hello.  Do you watch Netflix? Hi, Yes I do.  I really like Orange is the New Black
 hey there do you like Tom hanks Yes, I love him and all his movies? do you?
 Are you a fan of Netflix? I used to have it when it was dvd.
 Hello Hi, are you a fan of Netflix?
 hi, do you watch netflix? I sure do. I've been a member for a few years now. Since they've started their own series, I binge watch a lot! 
 Hey there.  I was looking at an event listing for D.C. and saw a bunch of interesting concerts.  Fruition (a rock/folk act), The Milk Carton Kids (folk), Brockhampton (boy band?), and The Anthem (rock, jazz).  Heard of any of them? That sounds so good, I have not, have you
 Are you a fan of Tom Hanks movies? I like a lot of his movies, what about you? 
 hi how are you? do you use netflix? Yes, I love it. It is amazing how tech companies have rallied the stock market. Too bad it didn't last.
 Hi.  Do you have a Facebook account? ya I do, I use it for remembering bdays mostly, did you hear about the girls killed in that hoverboard fire?
 Do you use Facebook? I do have an account, what about you?
 Are you a fan of linkin park?  I like some of their music, but I think their first album might be my favorite
 Hello.  Have you heard anything about the earth having more than 80 percent of it's forest destroyed? I had not but that is very sad. We should do more to replenish a portion of that. 
 Do you think giants like Amazon, Facebook, Google are now on their way down_ I think Facebook might be sure, dunno about Google and Amazon, they seem to be about as big as ever (especially Amazon.)  But with all the privacy concerns, FB has definitely taken a hit...
 Jazz is a nice genre, I love it I have nothing against it, I just don't enjoy.
 Hi there, do you enjoy jazz music? I do.  It is one of the true American art forms.
 I like music? Do you? I do! I love listening to terrestrial radio in the car since there are some good independent stations in my area. Sometimes it's nice to listen to something you wouldn't choose on your own, like jazz.
 Hi, how are you? Pretty good, you? 
 Hello, Do you like music? Hi there! I like listening to Jazz sometimes. It's soothing.
 Hello!  Are you on the internet much?  Me, I have to admit, I sometimes feel like I LIVE on the Internet with all the time I spend on it... hehe. I do use the internet quite a bit. I work on in and play games on it, also. I also like to get weather and gardening and cooking tips on the net. I really would have a hard time without it. 
 Living for 7 months in an airport must have been really difficult for that Syrian man. I don't know how that even happens.  You would think that the people in charge at Kuala Lumpur Airport would not have allowed that.
 hi how are you? do you use netflix? I do use it. Can you believe it has been around since 1997?
 Do you have Facebook account? Yes I use Facebook from time to time. It's crazy that it was invented back in 2004, that seems like a long time ago
 Are you an avid reader? I read about two books a week. Usually murder mysteries
 Hello,  do you like to read? Yes I am definitely a big fan. What are some of your favorite authors?
 Hello! Do you like to read books? Yes, I love to read, Its so relaxing when I can find the time.
 Hello, do you like to read? I do.  I only read the English language however.  I have seen books in Braille which is read by tactile means.
 Do you like Fifth Harmony?  I have not heard of it. What is it?
 Do you listen to a lot of music? Not a whole lot, though when I do, I listen to Fifth Harmony.
 I spend a lot of time on Facebook.  I find that it can both entertain and inform.  I don't know about you, but do you tend to spend a lot of time on this platform also? I used to. I'm trying not to spend so much time on it. Too bad Burger King doesn't have that promotion anymore where you get a free whopper if you unfriend ten people.
 hi how are doing Hello how are you doing?  Do you like Youtube?
 Hello! Hi how are you? Have you ever seen westworld?
 hi how are you? what do you think of our species? I feel humans have come such a long way, what do you think about humans
 hey how's it going :) Hi, did you hear about the hunter guide killed by a grizzly bear in Grand Teton National Park?
 Do you like to swim? Yes, I live in Maine so i have to go the Y in winter.  How about you?
 Do you listen to the radio? I do. Sometimes it can help calm patients during MRI's. I hear a lot of people have problems with those because of Claustrophobia.
 Hey there how's it going. Have you ever had an MRI? It sounds like it could be a scary experience. I sure have, I tore my ACL this summer so had to get one before the surgery.  How about you?
 hey there, do you watch TV? I watch way too much tv. Are you a fan of The Simpsons?
 Hi do you know much about humans? I know some stuff like that we lost the body hair just 240 000 years ago
 Have you ever seen Westworld?  I have - it is quite the interesting show 
 Hi how are you, What brands of cars have you found the most reliable? I don't know that I've had much luck with American brands. The car I've had that's lasted the longest without problems is Suzuki. How about you?
 Good Morning! Do you play instruments? Good  morning. No I have never played a instrument. I love music though.
 Do you play any instruments? The first one I ever tried learning to play was the piano when I was seven I play some guitar, do you play instruments? 
 Hi, how are you? Doing great how bout yourself.
 Hello!  Do you play video games at all? Yes, but lately I have been too busy
 Do you think gaming addiction is a real thing? I honestly do, I think anything without moderation can be problematic.
 I read that more people are addicted to video games.  Is it true? I think its an addiction, its terrible because it takes a lot of time and it could appear a for leisure activity but if your not careful it can become much more than that
 hi how are you? do you like music? Yea, I like listening to the Piano which was invented around 1700
 did you watch mr rogers as a child? I did not because his show wasn't that popular when I was a child.
 Do you watch much television? I watch a little before bed.I like the Simpsons. You?
 Have you seen that new Wonder Woman movie yet? I havent!  I feel like I have been living under a rock when it comes to all the super hero movies!
 Do you like to watch TV? I sure do. I love watching South park.  Have you ever seen it  before?
 Hey have you ever gotten a hot chocolate at 7:11? Not that I can remember.  I guess some lade in VA used it when approached by two carjackers.
 Hi, how are you today? Are you interested in cars? Hello - I am good today thank you. I am interested in cars. What about you?
 Hello, do you like cars? Sure, to get from one place to another. I like the Cadillac brand a lot.
 HI, how are you? Hi, I'm good. I've jusr read something interesting. For example, Apple had a clothing line in 1986. Did you know that?
 Whats up Friend? Do you like other humans? Of course!  Humans are the only mammals that can't breathe and swallow at the same time.  
 Hello!  Do you use netflix?  I've heard it  combined with youtube makes up half the peak internet traffic in the country! I am not surprises, they do account for 33% of bandwidth in north america anyhow.
 Good evening partner. Sometimes it's fun to stop and think about us humans. We used to be covered in hair but lost it all about 240,000 years ago! I am still covered in hair, but I am glad it is not as much as back then lol. Know any interesting facts about humans?
 good morning to you, how are you? Im doing good, how bout yourself.
 Do you subscribe to Netflix? I do!  I love watching it!
 Hi, how are you? Great, do you like dogs?  I find them to be so interesting.  I still find it amazing they all descended from the wolf.
 Hi there. Did you know that 80% of the earth's natural Forrest have been destroyed? I didn't know that, but that's sad! Makes sense since there are almost 8 billion people on earth using those resources. 
 Do you like pets? I do like dogs. dogs are good. do you like dogs?
 Internet dating apps have really changed the human mating ritual.  Do you use a dating app? I have in the past, I think Tinder Provides a great service, what about you?
 good morning to you! hey hows it going, did you know the first moonwalk was actually done in 1955, the dance move that is haha
 Good morning. How are you doing today. Let's talk about albums, the best selling album of the 21st century is by Linkin park
 Are you familiar with the NBA? well I know a little bit about it, can't say I watch many games but I do like Michael Jordan
 Are you a fan of the NBA? I love the NBA yeah, are you a fan?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like computers? Hi there!  Yes I use them all the time.
 Hilarious how archaic the space shuttle's computer hardware was. I remember reading that when they needed spare parts for repairs, they had to ransack abandoned hospitals and electronic graveyards to find stuff that old. I didn't know that!  I wonder why they just didn't upgrade systems.
 Did you hear about the news from Canada? No, what news is that?
 I think we don't put the emphasis on voting in the US that we should.  You may be right.  I know in Australia you get a fine if you don't vote.
 Do you like Romeo and Juliet? I do! Proabably my favorite work of Shakespeare. 
 Hey, do you know anything about Katherine Applegate, who wants children's novels about animals near extinction? Sounds kind of interesting to me. I do not. It does sound interesting!
 Hi do you like animals? Yes, I love them!! Hard to believe there are 20 quintillion of them!!
 Hi, did you know there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on our planet? That many? wow!! quintillion animals that sure is a big number, 
 The female dancer in the Washington Ballet production of Romeo and Juliet is a rising star. I feel this article led many to believe just that. A star is born before one's eyes.
 Hey!  Do you know why the drive thru was invented? Hello there, I think it was back in the 70's, but I'm not sure.  Do you know?
 do you like dance? I like watching it sometimes, especially Michael Jackson doing his moves!
 Are you a fan of animal books? Sure am.  What about you?
 Do you own a car? Yes, I own an older car. Do you?
 Howdy pardner! Are you into hockey, bird watching, or radio?  Hello, yes I am, what about you? I also like to listen to the radio.
 Hi, do you think Library is useful for everyone. I think the library will change its nature to meet the needs of the community.
 Hi there!  Do you like birds? I do, I find those flying beings interesting, do you like them?
 Good morning! Hi, how are you? Interesting article about saving tapes. I still have some. 
 Hi there! Not sure about you, but it's been cold where I live but I'm glad to see the birds coming back! You and me both!  I'm in North East Ohio and we're still in the teens here today with snow on the ground still.  I can't wait to see the birds come back.
 Hello, do you enjoy reading? I do, it unlocks a world of possibilities, what about yourself?
 Are you a hockey fan of the Stars or Capitals? I don't really know much about hockey. Which team are you a fan of?
 Library is the source of information and knowledge. Its not only books we can read the New paper, Magazine and DVD. Yes you are right, do you go to the library often?
 Hello, do you watch videos on youtube? Hi! I love YouTube and yes I do watch video's. Have you seen the do you hear yanny or Laurel one?
 Hi. Do you listen to the radio much? Sometimes, not as much as I use to. I am on internet or my phone for music. How about you?
 Good morning! Do you like to read? I do like to read. Do you?
 Hello!  Do you go on Youtube much?  It's a VERY popular site!  They say it's the second largest search engine on the net. I do like watching youtube on occasion. It is a very popular site now, have you ever seen the first youtube video ever posted?
 Did you follow Bill Cosby's trial? A little. I used to love Bill Cosby and his comedy style. Now, his reputation is trashed.  
 Do You watch much television? Yeah I watch television from time to time. I try to read though, have you ever read a golden age detective novel before
 Hi.  Ah, telephones... Did you know that the area code in NY is 212 because it was easier to dial with a rotary phone?  Would 989 have been longer than a New York minute? Yep, most big area codes are based on that.
 hi, do you listen to the radio? Yes, I do.  What about you?
 Hello, do you watch YouTube? I love watching youtube!  how about you?
 do you know much about politics? Yeah. Did you know the president has been a republican or a democrat since 1853?
 did you know that Julius Caesar wrote hercules fan fiction as a kid haha thats crazy No, I didn't know, do you happen to like Agatha Christie?
 Hey how often do you read fiction books? I used to read a lot in High School, I remember reading Egar Allen Poe, he was great, I'm gonna checkout his story with a cyborg
 What do you enjoy doing for entertainment? For entertainment, I like watching television or tele as some like to call it. I don't have any favorite shows currently, do you have any suggestions? 
 Hi! did you follow the bill cosby trial? it was so sad and shocking.  I was kind of aware of it, but I didn't follow the details.  He was convicted, right?
 Hi there! How are you today, and what are you up to? Not much, trying to find out how to pick up Jupiter's radio storms using a AM radio
 Do you use Amazon Prime?  I do actually, I love how fast they deliver, what about you?
 Do you use the internet a lot?  I do.  lol Probably more than I should, but it is hard not to when it is easy to access.
 hi do you like to travel? I love to travel and you?
 Hi! Are you into reading or poetry?  Yes, I am into reading poetry.
 Hey hows it going? Do you use amazon? I use it all the time and its hard to believe each amazon warehouse worker walks between 7 and 15 miles on average! Yeah I use it often.  That is incredible that they walk that far every day lol
 do you shop online at all? DO you shop online?
 Hi! Do you like to travel? I'm curious to learn more about this commuter bus that can travel at 160mph speeds the Dutch are creating! Hey I love too. That would be epic. The first king to travel around the world was from Hawaii.
 who is this chinese billionaire that got away with sexual assault? Hello, I'm not too sure. Who is it?
 Do you like reading? yes I read from time to time but mostly I do audiobooks, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Fine. I just returned from a trip. I traveled to Europe. I seems like air travel is slower these days that it used to be. Am I right?
 How's it going, did you know amazon was founded back in 1994? Hi, I love Amazon and had no idea it dates back to 1994.
 Do you like to shop at Amazon? Yes, a little less now than before.
 The me-too movement has caused a lot of drama good and bad.  What do you think? I agree. I think that the me too movement has really divided men and women. I think it makes men look bad.
 Hello,  do you like basketball? yeah, sure. basketball is cool. do you like to watch?
 Looking at an old events listing, I see that Bloomingdale's Boundary Store welcomes Eagles fans for its Superbowl party. Do you remember when the Eagles were last in the Super Bowl? Back in 2017, I'd love to try one of Bloomingdales $12 cheeestakes
 How's it going? Did you know the car was patented by Karl Benz of Germany? I actually drive a Benz. Best car ever. Didn't he patent the car in 1886?
 Are you a fan of basketball? Not really, I know the main stuff but not the minutia.  I am aware of the Wizards, having lived in DC.
 Hi there, do you like cars/ Yes, how about you? I did not know that a car's trunk was called a trunk because of old cars having wooden trunks on the back
 hey there, do you watch NBA games? Not a lot but I have some knowledge of it. I only recently learned that one of the teams is Canadian. I had never thought about it. 
 Hey there, do you watch basketball much?  I admit, I'm not the biggest fan, TBH, but I do find some of the thing surrounding it rather fascinating. I love basket ball. My favorite player is cheryl miller. She once scored 105 points in a game.
 Do you like to read? Im looking for a great book for my son I do like to read.  Ive always been a big fan of the Harry Potter series.  I hear Matt James has some good books too.
 do you like the NBA? I do. Do you like Tim Duncan?
 Hi, I'm Vee. What's your name? sonee, basketball is interesting
 Hello.  I've been watching some basketball lately. Did you know it was formed in 1946? Yes, Mostly five players on each side at a time fall into five positions player.
 do you watch the NBA? I sure do. Did you know there is only one Canadian team?
 do you like cars? I sure do. Do you know who invented the dive thru?
 hi, do you like cars? To get around, yes. Haha. I like to use my car to go through drive thrus, which were invented to help soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars in their uniforms
 did you know that basketball actually banned the dunk for over a decade? wow, really? when was this?
 Did you know that George Washington was the only president to have received 100 percent of the electoral votes. He must have been well liked Interesting! Would you buy a chicken mcnugget that looked like him? Somebody did, for $8100
 Hi, how are you? Are you from DC? I am not. I did hear that Bloomingdale's is hosting a Superbowl party there. 
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, do you like any comedy films?
 Have you ever watched Brooklyn Nine Nine?  It is one of my favorite sitcoms Hi! No, I have not. Is it about investigations?
 it would not surprise you that wearing clothes is common to all human societies, would it? I suppose. Clothes can be basic, just covering genitals. Without machinery, clothes take a lot to make.
 Hello, do you use the telephone anymore? I mean old phones not smartphones Not really. kinda cool 212 is the fastest area code to dial on a rotary
 Have you heard about #MeToo? I have. That's the feminest movement correct? Did Marie colvin write about it?
 DO you like colorful clothing? I sure do just like the pilgrims prefer to wear most of the time
 Hello, Do you enjoy going to concerts? John Perry Barlow, Grateful Dead Lyricist died at 70! Yes, and I would have liked to go to a Grateful Dead concert.  Barlow was a unique guy and stuck up for a free internet.
 good morning to you! To you as well!  Are you a fan of Jazz?
 Hello there. I never knew the horizontal line menu on apps and websites is call a hamburger button. Yeah, it makes me hungry.  Are you a fan of the Grateful Dead?
 Hi, how are you? Hi I'm good, what do you think about this article? 
 Basketball fan? A little, I was hoping to talk about music and bands.
 Hi, Are you a big fan of music at all? Yeah.  I used to listen to the Grateful Dead a lot. I liked John Barlow's advocacy of an open internet.
 Did you know who holds the record for speed reading , I'll go ahead and tell you it is Anne Jones. thats interesting.Reading requires creativity and critical analysis. Anne Jones must have a high creativity 
 John Barlow was a lyricist for the Grateful Dead and advocate for freedom of expression. wow! I did not know that!
 hello Hello! Do you trust forecast?
 Are you a fan of the N.B.A.? hi how are you? yes, i like the NBA. You?
 hello! how are you? I am good, did you the Hubble telescope discovered a galaxy so big it should not exist?
 Hello there, do you use facebook? I do, I have an account since 2015, do you have an account?
 Good morning!  Can you believe Facebook has been around since 2004! No - that makes me feel really old haha.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hello, are you a user of facebook?
 Flying with babies can be a difficult task Yeah it sounds like people won't put up with a crying baby for very long up there. 
 Hi, how are you? Very well, how are you?
 Hello! I just got back from a flight with a crying baby on it. I can understand why the United flight attendant gave Krupa Patel Bala a hard time.
 Hey!  How addicted to facebook are you? In a scale of 1 to 10? I would have to say 100, Facebook is really cool
 Hi there! Not sure about you, but I really love to travel. I can say I only traveled once with a baby though. I like to take road trips in cars sometimes. Saying that a crying 8-month-old's behavior is "completely unacceptable" is a real WTF moment.
 How's it going, do you like to travel much? The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel 160mph, I'd love to go on that Hi! Yes, I do! I like to take roadtrips as often as possible. Almost been all overthe US. Id like to go to Japan, did you know most of their highways are tolls... must get pricey.
 Hi do you watch football? Hi there, I sure do. My favorites are the QBs and you?
 Good morning!  Have you ever been to Japan? Good morning. I have not. Have you?
 Are you a football fan? Yes I am.  What do you think about the 49ers quarterback that came from the patriots?
 Hey there! Who is your favorite celebrity? Love Carol Burnett, actually, from her 70's show, to appearances on Sesame Street, right up to today. How about you? Any sports celebrities your favorites?
 Do you know many facts about sharks? i do not know many facts about sharks. please tell me some facts about sharks.
 Do you like to travel? I like the idea of travel, but I rarely get to opportunity to travel.
 Hey how often do you wear a hat? Not really, they look silly in my head, do you?
 Do you enjoy basketball? At times. I think it's hilarious that the court on the Supreme Court building is called "the highest court in the land". I wonder how often staffers play/
 Hey. do you like basketball? I wish the hoop wasn't 10 feet high! I do it's a very good sport. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar didn't seem to have a problem with dunking on the hoop though.
 Hello - how's it going? Hello, everything good, do you like basketball?
 Hi!  Do you follow basketball much? Yes, both college and some pro. I watched the Duke, Grayson Allen drama play out over his college time. He had little respect for the rules and fair play
 Hey there! I just got done playing basketball. Do you like basketball? I was maimed in a tragic basketball accident. It has left me scarred for life. But I still enjoy watching B-Ball. I just can no longer play because of the nightmares...
 Hello there, do you wear hats at all? I don't usually wear a hat, but I have head that I could use for a hat if need be. What about you? Are you a hat guy?
 Hi, do you wear hats? i dont wear a hat very often. sometimes to protect myself from the sun. You?
 Do you like to play the piano? know how to play it' No but i really wish that I did.  Do you play the piano?
 hi, how are you? do you like the piano? I like the piano, its an instrument with a lot of history almost 320 years old
 Hey there do you play the piano? I know that I started to learn it about 3 years ago Hello there, I don't but wish I knew how to play.  Wow! That is very impressive. 
 Hey. One of my favorite Holiday's is Halloween! The new Halloween remake was great I thought because it retains many things from the original! I saw the original a long time ago. I'm not really in horror. I do like a couple of films in the genre though.
 Hello!  Do you watch horror movies? I do, I like the movie Halloween. 
 Hey there do you like horror movies? I know that a horror movie can burn up to 180 calories when you watch it, I need to do that more to lose some weight LOL Hello,  yes I do watch some,  not a whole lot though.  Any recommendations?  
 Hi, do you like horror films? Not especially but i have been known to watch a few, lol. How about you?
 Did you know the first McDonalds drive thru didnt come about until 1975? I did not know that! Wow. Why?
 Do you like to travel? I do love to travel.  I love airplanes so I would like Iceland where they use planes instead of trains
 hello,  do you like the iphone?   Sure. I have an older model iPhone. how about you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good.  How are you?
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you like Drama?  I just read that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in House. Im good. I do like drama. wow that is a lot of money per episode. That show is really good 
 Hi!  Do you like Dramas? Hi! I love dramas because its a form of poetry set in a dramatic mode and is very entertaining, do you?
 Hello! Did you hear about the Woman who killed her mother and sister in McLean, VA? No, I didn't hear about that. That's a tragedy. Did she give a reason?
 Hey, do you like art? Yeah I think art is very beautiful and is nice to look at sometimes. I think cinematography is a form of art.
 How's it going, do you like to dance? It's crazy that Tupac was a ballet dancer in high school I am really bad at dancing, but i do like to try every now and then haha. Parrots are really good dancers though, they can dance perfectly in time to music.
 Hi, do you listen to rap? Hello, and no, not very much. Do you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I'm doing well and just  got off the phone with my mom.  I should probably stop talking so much to her since Unicef donates clean water to a child in need every minute I don't use my cellphone.
 Do you use Netflix? I do. From 9 pm to 12 am, Netflix accounts for 33 percent of all bandwidth in North America. I am part of it, haha.
 Hey do you watch Youtube? All the time. How bout you.
 Which kind of phone do you have, android or iphone I have an iphone, how about you?
 Hi, how are you this evening? Hello, great do you like dance?
 hi,how are you? do you watch netflix? Doing great thank you. I am obsessed with Netflix. As are many other people since Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide.
 What do you do for entertainment? I like to do many things. I enjoy watching movies.
 Hi there! Any plans for the weekend, maybe something cultural like a play or dance performance? Yeah! That does sound like a fun way to spend the weekend, though I'll stop myself from attempting the infamous Michael Jackson leaning dance move since he uses a patented device for it, what about you?
 Shakespeare one of the best writers in history. Fav little facts are how we popularized sayings of good riddance. Love his mind I didn't know that good riddance was a term made by Shakespeare I find that pretty interesting as well.
 Have you ever heard of "Childish Gambino"?  He has a music video about gun violence in America. I hadnt heard of it until you just mentioned it.
 did you know that soccer worldwide makes more than all over sports combined? Ah yes, Association Football. Good entertainment for sure in about 200 countries. Are you a player?
 Hi, how are you? Good Morning. Have you heard of the book 'Clock Dance?'
 Hello. Do you own a cell phone? If yes, how long have you had one? Hello, yes I have had one since 1997
 Hi! Seen any good movies lately? Hello there, I haven't seen any recent movies but watched Jaws the other day.  How about you?
 Hi there. You a fan of cinema? It is derived from a Greek term meaning "movement"! I am. I don't watch a lot of films these days, so I need to find a good streaming service and get back in the habit. How about you?
 Hi, how's it going? Are you a fan of dance at all? I like dancing but I don't watch any of the dancing shows or go to the ballet a lot. How about you?
 do you use your phone much? Unfortunately, yes. I have an iphone and use it way too much! How about you?
 How's it going, did you know on a rotary phone 212 is the fastest area code to dial? Hello, no I didn't. I wonder if Hedy Lamarr had anything to do with that, she helped invent wifi.
 Are you a watcher of Netflix/ Sure am, I watch it almost every day. How about you?
 Hi, are you a You Tube fan? I'm a huge YouTube fan!  Love it!  I watch a lot business and entrepreneur videos on there.  Do you like it?
 hi, do you use the phone much :) I do, I use it almost everyday, it has become a basic need  for me, what about you?
 hi how are you? do you follow soccer? I don't follow it but I watch often. I know soccer makes a lot of money!
 Are you a fan of comedy? Hi, how are you? Yes, I enjoy comedy. Did you know that Ryan Stiles dropped out of high school to pursue a comedy career?
 hi, do you like nba? I do, what about yourself?
 do you like LeBron? Yes I do. He once rejected a $10 million offer from Rebook
 hi how are you? do you like horror films? I personally do not enjoy horror films but my friends do. What about you?
 Have you heard of the actress Taylor Hickson? Yeah, I heard about her on the set of Deadpool.  Sad.
 Hi! Do you like to watch movies? Have you heard of Taylor Hickson, the actress who is currently involved in a lawsuit? I love movies! Not so much superhero movies, but I did see Deadpool and I did hear about the lawsuit. Apparently she was disfigured due to an on-set accident.
 Hello do you like super heroes? I do, how about you? 
 Hello do you like horror films? No, not at all.  They scare me.
 hi how are you? what do you think of this planet of ours? Hey I'm doing great how are you? Our planet is amazing I love it. However I hate that more than 80% of our natural forest have been destroyed.
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I'm doing great. Have you seen anything cool on TV lately?
 Are you a fan of lebron james? I do, I think his a great player, do you like him?
 How's it going, do you know an album is an audio recording on a cd, vinyl, or audio tape? Yes, I did know that. When I think of an album, I think of a vinyl record but the other mediums count as well.  Did you know that albums of recorded music were developed in the early 20th century as individual 78-RPM records and were collected in a bound book resembling a photograph album?
 Good morning? You have any favorite types of music?  I know I should like Jazz, such a history. Want to get the real thing in New Orleans, might be different. yes i like jazz , thats one thing i have in common with my favorite actor which is Clint Eastwood
 Good morning, do you listen to the radio? Hello there, I do listen to the radio, mostly when I am driving to and from work.  How about you?
 Do you like Washington DC? I guess. I have never been there though. I hear its nice.
 hello Hello.
 Good morning! Not much of a jazz enthusiast, but can talk radio... Ok. Well do you like to listen to then.
 Hey there. What kind of music do you prefer? I like many kinds of music. What about you?
 Hello,  do you like music/?  if so,  what kind? I od like music. I like all kids but lately ive been into 90s and 00s alt rock. Also country. I am not sure where the country came from but I am listening to it. What about you?
 How are you? Been to any concerts lately? I went to one at a park but want to go to one at a sports stadium one day I haven't been to a concert since Hanson, ha! I used to like Creed but I'm glad I never went to one of their concerts-a lawsuit was filed against them for a concert being so bad!
 hi how are you? do you like horror films? Hey, how are you?  I do like horror movies!  They are a great way to burn calories.  You can burn almost 180!
 do you like horror movies? I like some of them. DId you know KIng thinks Bambi is super scary?
 Do you have a favorite horror film? No, but Watching horror movies can burn up more than 180 calories!
 Do you enjoy any type of hobbies or entertainment? I do but I am not passionate about any of them. I really just like spending time with my family as my hobby... What about you, do you have any hobbies?
 do you like baseball? I sure do. DO you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Hello. Have you ever been laid off or let go from your job? Not fun, but sometimes these kind of situations can have hidden blessings. Hello! I have been laid off, it was not a fun time 
 Good morning, much of a baseball fan? Hi! Not so much as other sports, but I do often wonder how in the world do they wash those uniforms so clean after sliding in dirt!
 Good afternoon. Do you like the movie avengers infinity war? I thought Marvel Studios and Walt Disney Studios did an incredible job. That movie was fantastic. It was the first movie to be shot with digital IMAX cameras and I feel like I noticed a difference.
 I read that, since 1900, the taller US candidate has won the election 75% of the time. What does that say about our society and how superficial we can be? It says we are more concerned about what is on the outside than the inside.  I'm certain the prettier/more handsome candidate wins more than others as well.  I like the lengths India goes to for it's voters, setting up a polling booth in a forest full of lions for one voter.
 Hello, are you interested in the Avengers, Marvel, or television? I really want to see Infinity War!  I have heard so many things about it!
 good morning.  i think in the USA we take the process of voting in elections for granted. hello, I agree, what do you think about Afghanistan's parliamentary election ?
 Are you a Marvel Fan?  Avengers Infinity War is the first film ever shot entirely with digital imax cameras Yes I am. its also being compared to a television season finale
 Did you vote during midterms? I didn't. I had twin newborns at the time, and it slipped my mind. Elections have been the usual mechanism by which modern representative democracy has operated since the 17th century.
 Hello. How are you? Hi, I'm fine thanks. Do you follow soccer?
 Do you have kids who play soccer? No I don't.  Do you?
 Hey do you ever watch association football AKA soccer haha? I don't really but I know a lot of people do! The Super Bowl is smaller than soccer's third biggest event.
 Are you a fan of FIFA? I do enjoy watching the world cup matches although I am no expert in FIFA
 Hello, Do you like soccer? I don't really like soccer to be honest with you. I think it's really boring. What about you?
 Hello,  do you like soccer? Hey there. I don't really like soccer. I think it's kind of boring, I know they also call it an association football. What do you like about it?
 Do you like soccer? It is so funny you mention that I was just at Dulles Airport the other day and a large group had gathered for some soccer players.
 Hi, do you enjoy or watch soccer? Hello,  no i dont watch soccer,  do you? 
 Fantasy drafts are getting popular. Ohh thats interesting, what are Fantasy Drafts?
 Hello,  do you play fantasy sports? I hear people even fantasy spelling bees lol hi how are you? i dont know how to play fantasy sports.
 Hi, do you like cars? Hello there, I do like cars, I think classic cars are cool.  How about you?
 How's it going, did you know the first car patent was in 1886? A Benz no less haha.
 Have you been to San Francisco before? No I have not but i have heard that it is all hills.
 Hi there. Have you ever been to San Francisco? I visited once several years ago. Yes, I am from there actually. I actually love Fisherman's wharf
 Hello there, do you use Amazon much? I use it all the time. Do you?
 How's it going? Did you know internet addiction is a real biological condition? Pretty good thanks, i didnt know that
 hello how are you today ? Good. Just checking my facebook account for the 19th time today...lol
 Baseball is the one of the favourite sports of US. In mid of 1850 baseball is the craze hit in the New York area. Yeah are you a baseball fan.
 Do you have a Facebook account? Yes I do, I was told only old people have facebook accounts.
 Do you use netflix? Hi, how are you? I used to use Netflix. How about you?
 Do you ever watch Fox News? Yes, I do , do you? Guess they don't like the Simpsons.
 Hello - do you know if the length of the day on earth has changed between when the earth was first formed and present? No, I don't. What is it? 
 Hi, Do you think Facebook is useful for everyone? I think it is useful but also good and bad. It depends on how you use it and who you connect with. 
 Hi, do you like baseball? I sure do. DO you know how many balls are used in a MlB season?
 Do you know anyone who you would describe as a "wet blanket" I can think of a few people.  You?
 Do you enjoy Netflix? Yeah I love Netflix. So does everyone else in the world it seems! From 9pm-12am netflix accounts for 33% of all bandwidth in North America!
 I love Netflix - it makes binge watching shows so easy.  Do you subscribe? I used to but I know what you mean.  You can just watch episode after episode.
 hey do you have Netflix, I don't but people tell me I should get it Yes, I do.  My family watches it a lot of the original material.
 Good morning. How are you? Don't you just love the Internet? It is actually addictive with measurable changes in the brain. Based on that little bit of info I'm not sure that I do love it.  Not sure I could without the internet though.
 What do you think about virtual pop and artists? It certainly is interesting that people are approaching music with holograms
 Hello,  how are you? Due to the success of their debut album, linkin park played 324 concerts in 2001 alone. Hi! I am good thanks! That is very interesting! I love concerts and wish I could have seen Linkin Park.
 Are you a fan of youtube? I use it, but I would not say I was a fan.  my son uses Youtube all the time.
 I guess I am an easygoing person, it seems that many people who stay at hotels are not happy with things. All I need is a clean room and a comfortable bed and I am happy :) Same here. I guess it just depends on what the trip is about. I have friends who travel for work and they really love large bathrooms with bathtubs to relax
 Good morning! How are you today? Do you like to travel? I'm good and yes I like to travel.
 Hello, how are you? Do you like to travel? I do like to travel, what about you?
 Hey how's it going. Do you enjoy staying in hotels? Some travelers are quite hesitant to stay in hotels. Yes, I like to go to those I know of better than going to the unknown. I can understand why some people are hesitant.
 Do you like to travel? I do. It has been a while since I have had the chance to though.  My next destination would be Ireland, Iceland, and Greece. 
 Good evening! I was just reading about horses. Guess what Icelandic horses are famous for? Hello,  so was I!  Icelandic horses have a fifth speed, tolt, that is basically speedwalking for a horse
 Hey there did you hear about the winter advisory that was going on in DC recently? I didn't. The weather in DC must be nuts now. 
 Amazon is an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company which was founded in 1994. Good morning, that is true, it's also coming to dominate much of what we do, shop, watch, and now even work.
 Hello hows it going? Did you know Icelandic horses can tolt? Hi I am good. No I did not
 Hello.Do you like traveling and what is the most important thing for you while choosing hotel? I absolutely love traveling and when I pick a hotel I want to find the best deal that is still something nice
 Hello there, are you a Netflix user? Nope, but have friends who are. The company's recent development of Originals has been a huge success. 
 Hello there, are you a fan of animals? Hi, yes, I am.  Are you?
 Hey there how often to use a computer? I'm using one right now I'm using one too. Hilarious?
 Good Afternoon - I heard most kids today cannot read the time on an analog clock and I think that's crazy! I think so too.  My kids were taught about it at school but it was thirty years ago though.
 I tried to watch black mirror on Netflix have you ever seen it? I havent yet, is it scary.  It kind of sounds scary.
 Good afternoon!  Have you any interested in our history as humans? I do. I find us very complicated and interesting. Do you?
 Did you know humans have lost their half their body hair 240,000 years ago? yes, I thought was very interesting.
 Hi, how are you good how are you?do you have an interest in humans?
 hi how are you tonight? do you follow basketball? Yea, I like the knicks but usually follow all 30 NBA teams a litte
 have you been to Hall in Springfield Mass? No, I have not, you?
 Hi. Do you watch basketball?  What do you think about the players being the world's best paid athletes? It's nice they get paid but I don't like how teams are stuck with a bad contract when they play badly, like Carmelo Anthony when he was on the Knicks and the Oklahoma City thunder
 Good morning!  Do you like basketball? i do, in new Zealand the basketball team is nicknamed tall blacks 
 Good morning!  Have you read any William Shakespeare? I read a few of his plays when I was in school. How about you?
 Hey did you ever watch the NBA I guess there are about 30 teams Hello,  I dont really follow basketball.  I will watch it is the warriors are playing though. 
 Is there any chance that you know much about basketball and the NBA? I do like basketball. Did you know Kareem's dominant dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, good how about you?  Did you watch any NBA today?
 Hey there. Do you like basketball? I love how the NBA is the premier basketball league in the world. I do like the NBA, but there is only one team to root for in my country... I wish they were more. 
 Lefty Driesell has a strange carrer with 86 won and 786 games played. Didn't Lefty Driesell recently get enshrineed in the basketball hall of fame?
 Hey there are you a fan of plays? I think Shakespeare was a genius! I do love plays and also musicals. I have not seen a doll's house. Have you?
 Do you follow the NBA? I do a bit. I know Carmelo Anthony was traded and it was initially considered a mistake but turned out to send a message.
 Basketball season is upon us, And even the Supreme Court is playing the game. Did you know that the top floor of the Supreme court building has a B-Ball court dubbed "the highest court in the land?" I didnt know that! thats really interesting, other interesting fact is that the coach is the highest paid employee in a Basketball team.
 Do you enjoy reading? I am enjoying a nice relaxing night reading at home.  I do like reading. What do you like to read?
 Did you hear about the Deal Allen Iverson did with Reebok?  I didn't hear about that.  What kind of deal did he make with Reebok?
 Good morning.  Are you and NBA fan? Good morning.  I am a little.  Are you a fan?  I've heard that the players are the world's best paid athletes which is impressive.
 good morning. Good morning, are you a basketball fan.
 I hear that there is a basketball court in the top floor Supreme court building and it's called the Highest Court in the Land.  Do you like basketball? I don't follow basketball much, but I heard Kareem abdul-jabbar's dunking got dunking banned from college basketball. Do you follow basketball? Do you think dunking is fair?
 Are you a basketball fan? Not a fan-fan, I watch it if someone else is. 
 The Wizard's coach was not happy with the team's effort and loss against the Hawks. Yes. Scott Brooks. He said, "Nobody wanted to share the basketball tonight."
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of Shakespeare? I love Shakespeare, I wish I was more into his work and knew more than a few plays, how about you?
 The National Basketball Association has 30 teams, one of which is not in the USA. Fantastic! Did you know Steph Curry's team donates part of their proceeds to buying mosquito nets for poor people?
 Are you a fan of the Golden State Warriors? They are from Oakland, California. Steven Curry is a pretty famous player for them. I've heard of them, but I don't keep up on basketball. I didn't realize Oakland is so close to San Fran, but it makes sense that the team would be named that
 Hey are you aware of banned books week? I didn't know it was a thing because I didn't realize that there are any books that are banned. What do you know about it?
 Hey there how often do you go to the library? I know that I have to renew my card this week actually LOL Go to the library? Never, I always go to the library online.  I learned how to do that way back in my college days in the 90s. Since a library is a collection of sources of information and similar resources made accessible to a defined community for reference or borrowing, online is the way to go!
 Have you ever heard of banned books week? I havent heard about it but seems like its an annual thing, what about yourself?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you doing? Do you like cars?
 Are you a fan of literature? hey I am actually, I do like Shakesphere, what about you?
 Hello - did you know a man was falsely imprisoned for 10 years studied law at a library to prove his innocence?  Hi - Nope, I didn't know that
 1886, that is so long ago for cars to be invented.  And then it only took about 20 years for them to be in mass production A lot of progresses were made at that time. Do you like cars or you see them strictly as utilitarian  ?
 Do you own a car?  I do! I have a sedan with rear cameras and a navigation system. How about you?
 Do you ever read poetry? I guess it was started by the ancient Greeks I like poetry. I think it's the rhythmic qualities of language typically in poems that interests me. It does have a very long history, dating all the way back to prehistoric time. 
 Hello! So how are you? Doing alright, are you into Poetry? It derives from the greek term poiesis which means "making"
 Hello - did you know there is a poem when read normally is depressing, but when read backwards is inspiring?  Hello there, I have never heard of that but sounds so interesting, I wonder if that was the author's intent. 
 Do you like poetry?  i am not really a fan of poetry. well, maybe some limericks. You?
 As I was reading this article, all I could think about was the competition there is in the world. Do you listen to music or buy it from walmart
 hi how are you? do you like movies? Yes.  I think the movie green lantern was hilarious.
 Hi how are you? Did you read about the man in Wisconsin that died? I did. I read it was an accident that happened while he was trying to make bombs. 
 Are you a fan of comedies?  I do like comedies. probably more than dramas. You?
 Hello, I'm terrified over terrorism The extremists are getting out of hand.  
 Hi! Are you a fan of Demitri Martin? Not sure the only thing i know about him is that he's a comedian i think.
 Do you watch tv? I love watching tv, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Great! how are you?
 What hobbies do you have? I like to read in my free time, what about yo?
 just learned that baseball managers wear uniforms because they can play if needed to  That is quite interesting, I wonder if that ever happened ?
 hi, do you shop in amazon? Yes, I do. Have you ever received a USPS delivery from Amazon on Sunday? Apparently they have a contract.
 What do you know about cars It was patented by Benz in 20th century,
 Good morning!  Do you ever watch the world series? I do watch it but rarely. How about you, do you watch the World Series?
 Hi are you a baseball fan? not really to be completely honest with you.
 hey did you hear about the baseball player who died in WWI? Good Evening - I have not heard about the ball player who died in WWI.  I'm a huge baseball fan and would like to learn more!
 hi, do you like cars? I do like cars I think they are very cool and efficient. Do you own any?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Good morning - hope your day has started well!
 hi, do you like cars? I like the freedom of being able to get to places whenever I want. I like cars for their practicality. The benefits definitely outweigh the cost
 Do you enjoy Stephen King books? I have since I was a child.  Yes, I love his books.
 Hello, do you like Stephen King movies? I sure do, Have you ever seen the Shining?
 Good afternoon.  Are you a fan of Stephen King? I dont dislike him, I am just not a horror fan.  But I hear he played in a band with matt groening.
 How are you doing? Are you a Stephen King fan? He released a new book 'The Outsider' to mixed reviews I like some of his movies.
 Do you like Cher? Hi! Yes she is pretty talented!
 Afternoon there. Do you enjoy going to concerts? I love going to intimate concerts but big arena concerts are largest and harder to appreciate I think. I agree with that.  It's too impersonal and chaotic. I did see the Ramones once and it was chaotic. 
 Do you like concerts?  I love concerts, my favorite of all time was linkin park, you?
 hey there do you like Nintendo games? I do like them. Do you?
 Are you a basketball fan? I love to watch and play the game. not much of a basketball fan sorry
 Good afternoon. Do you like hockey at all? There are many types of hockey but in the USA and Canada ice hockey is the more traditional version. I have followed some ice hockey games and teams. I did play field hockey as a kid, but not ice.
 Hi, how are you doing today? Do you like basketball? Yeah, I have followed professional basketball for awhile. How about you?
 Hey there how's it going? What's your favorite album? My favorite album would be Kind Of Blue, do you know it ?
 Hello! How are you doing? Good.  How are you?  What do you think about the 100 year old twins releasing an album?
 do you listen to albums? I sure do. Have you ever listened to Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park?
 Have you ever been to the D.C. area? No I haven't, have you?
 Hello there, have you ever been to Washington DC? Hi, yes I have but not for a while. I would love to back to visit the national museum.
 Hi, do you like to travel? Yes, I do like to travel, do you?
 Have you gone to many concerts? I've never been to one.  I've been to a lot. Have you ever seen linkin park?
 Hello. Have you ever gone to any concerts? Hi, yes, I have.  Have you?
 Hello, do you like the NBA? Hi there I do like the NBA actually. I am a Pistons fan. What about you?
 Good Morning!  Basketball is my 3rd favorite sport, but at least March Madness and the NBA playoffs are coming up! Good morning!  March madness should be good this year.  Did you know that the dunk shot was banned from college basketball for over ten years?
 Good evening. Do you like shoes? I think it's cool how much variety there is from sandals to hire and fashion shoes. I do like them, footwear intended to protect us and to look in style in the process
 Are you a fan of NCAA basketball? I am, I don't watch much women's basketball though, just the men.  How about you?
 Hi, how are you doing today? Hi, I am doing well. How are you doing?  Do you watch any basketball?  Did you know it was invented by a man named James Naismith?
 Do you like basketball? Yes, I like basketball, and you, do you have a favorite basketball team ? 
 Hi, how are you? Alright. Do you watch basketball? De'Andre Hunter borke his wrist and won't play with the Virgina team
 Hello. Do you know much about basketball? I do its a team sport which commonly has 5 players per team. Shoot a basketball into a defenders hoop
 Hi, would you like to chat? Sure! You know, sometimes I wonder if dating apps are doing more harm than good
 hi, do you use the phone much? I don't have a landline, but admittedly I am a bit addicted to my iphone. Did you know that iphones have more computing power than the entire US Nuclear icbm deterrent?
 Hey, did you know the reason NYC has a 212 area code is, is because it's the fastest number you can dial on an old rotary phone? Hi, no I did not think of that, but excellent thought.  Speaking of phones, it is amazing that an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear missile deterrent system!
 I love to watch movies. I like action, drama, and comedy, but not horror films. What about you? I love comedy, drama, and dramedy.  I read that Stephen King called Bambi the first horror movie he saw, that explains alot. I like things like Love Actually but if I have to watch a scary movie, I want to see something like Bram Stokers, Dracula or World War Z, not the slasher ones.
 Hi! Do you have any favorite Hollywood actors? Yes! I have many. Brad Pitt and George Clooney are a couple.
 Hi, do you like cars? I do.  I am a big fan.  Much better than a horse a buggy
 Charlize Theron is an amazing actress I know! She was recently in the movie Tully. Have you seen it?
 Hi do you like to watch comedies? I do!  It is one of my favorite types to watch.
 Hi! What genre of movies do you like? I like horror films, what about you?
 Hi there, are you a fan of art at all? i am a big art fan. how about yourself?
 Hi! Do you like the radio? Hey yes but they are kind of outdated. On am radios you can sometimes hear radio jupiter storms!
 hey there did you know the sun is actually white and not yellow I did not know that actually. That's crazy as it does look yellow. I know one thing - a lightning bolt is actually five times hotter than the surface of the sun, which is crazy!
 I just found out that the sun is actually white.  I always thought it was yellow. The sun is a star just like the white stars at night. It is nearly a perfect sphere, and accounts for almost all of the mass in the solar system!
 Hey do you like basketball? I like to watch it on TV I do. Who's your favorite team?
 Hello, did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade? I didn't that is very interesting. James Naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of kansas's history. 
 I used to work as a professional t-shirt slinger. I know a lot about t-shirts. ok, I worked for Diesel USA, tell me something interesting about T-Shirts ;)
 How's it going, do you follow basketball? The wizards lost a tough game to the Hawks recently Yeah i do.  I don't think either the Wizards or Hawks are very good this year.
 Hey there do you have a phone? I only have a cell phone I don't have a house phone anymore Hello, Yes, I have an iphone too!! I use it all day long!! 
 hey there, do you use the telephone? I do! Do you?
 Do you still use a landline ? No I haven't had one for a long long time. I have a phone my girlfriend has a phone even my kids have phones. No need for it.
 Are you an avid  traveler? Yes, I love to travel, some of my bucketlist destinations include Austria, New Zealand, Iceland but Iceland doesn't have any public rail services so that might be an expensive trip. You?
 Do you know much about the white house? Yes, have you visited there? Bush put solar panels on.
 Did you know the White House still uses floppy disks?  How low tech... I wonder if they do so to be in control so files don't get into the wrong hands. Did you know France and Ireland have buildings that are twins to the White House.
 Hello.  I cannot imagine living without having access to the internet. This is true; the internet has been my primary source of information and entertainment for quite some time now. What do you use the internet for most?
 Have you ever used a rotary phone? It is very old model. Now days we can update technology, latest model phone are now available.
 How's it going? Did you know Russians made a computer that ran on water? Hi, no, I didn't know that.  When was this and is it ongoing?
 Hi! I think it's crazy iPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent! That's almost unbelievable, isn't it? That is insane!  Goes to show just how far technology has come, especially the last decade or so. 
 Interesting, I see a store in Alabama only sells things found in unclaimed luggage. ah that is weird, Id feel bad buying someon elses lost stuff!
 I do not go on Reddit, but 0.53% vote for content as they visit Reddit. Me neither, i don't see how it's the number 6 most visited site in the world
 Hello, do you like Ariana Grande? I've heard of her, but never heard her. I hear a pastor groped her.
 Have you ever eaten popcorn with chopsticks? No, how about you? Have you eaten it in any unconventional way?
 hi, do you like cars? Yea car's are really cool, except self-driving cars, apparently Google's has an aggressive mode
 Hey there!  Are you a fan of Ariana Grande?  How about that whole incident with the pastor at Aretha Franklin's funeral "grazing" her breast.  Crazy! I'm not a huge fan, but that is crazy! Also, Clinton staring at her backside...yuck!
 Hi, how are you? Great! and you? Do you like to eat popcorn?
 Hi, how are you today? I am well.  What do you think about Davidson being bullied online and online bullying in general?
 did you know that we will run out of helium on earth by the end of this century? I guess we'll have to find another source if we're going to have balloons at parties! We could probably get some from fusion reactors, if we ever create them.
 I love to read. Do you enjoy reading? I do!  My favorite genre is non fiction, especially self development books!
 It says Eminem has won more Oscars than Leonardo Decaprio, Johnny Depp, Will Smith, George Lucas, and Bill Murray COMBINED. Does Eminem have them for 8 mile? Not sure the others have any. Seems weird and unjust.
 hey there how often do you enjoy reading fiction? Hey yeah quite a bit! I like George RR Martin a lot for his creation of GOT!
 Do you use Facebook often? I use it a few times a day, you?
 Hello di you watch the Academy Awards? I sure do. Did you know Day Lewis won it three times for best actor?
 Hello,  how are you doing ? There's a wiki which ranks fictional characters according to their powers and abilities. HI, I'm good. Oh really I didn't know that, thats interesting. Did you know that in the 1950s a judge tryed to ban a comic because it had a black character in it?
 Hello! Do you like to travel? Hi! Yes, I love to travel. 
 Hi. I thought it was interesting that Harvard scientists managed to store a gif animation of a galloping horse in the dna of bacteria. That is very curious, I'm not sure I completely understand. How did the scientist insert the gif?
 Hi there do you use the phone much? I do its interesting how phones have advanced, now most phones are smartphones
 Good evening!  Do you have a chance to travel much? Hi,
 Are you familiar with walt disney? I am and love the Walt Disney Company. In fact, Minnie Mouse aka Minerva Mouse happens to be my favorite Disney character!
 What do you enjoy for entertainment? I like to travel.  I find it interesting to see different things.  I want to go to Japan and travel on the free ways.
 Hello! Did you hear about the Florida school prom and the live tiger?! That sounds pretty inhumane. I had not heard of that.
 do you use the computer a lot? Yes all the time. The space shuttle computer was only 1 mb in ram
 I love working on my computer.  I got my first one back in the late 70s I got mine sometime in the late 90s! I was in grade school and it was exciting to own one. The first computer algorithm was written by Ada Lovelace.
 A lot of strange things happen in Florida. I have heard, that people take bath salts and eat other people's faces, a woman attempts to murder her parents for not taking her to Outback Steakhouse...and apparently, a high school had live animals at its prom! Yes, I heard about that too. And the boys and girls passed around an African Fennec Fox like it was a corsage. How crazy is that?  Foxes bite!
 Hi do you like animals? I sure do. Did you know in Switzerland there is a lawyers that represents animals?
 How's it going? It truly is fascinating how computers transformed society with the wide range of tasks they are able to perform Yeah,  computers are amazing,  I hear the russians made a pc that ran on water lol 
 What are your favorite animals? hello,  I love dogs, dragons, orcas, sharks and octopus'.  How about you?
 Do you like basketball? Not really. I know some about the Wizards though, you?
 Hello,  do you watch basketball? Did you know granny style shooting is the best way to get points.  Yes! I watch Basketball. I've been following The Wizards especially their guard Bradley Beal. 
 Do you like basketball?  Of the 4 professional sports leagues in the US, I'd have to rank it at number two for me. I'm not such a sport fan but I'd have to say basketball is my favorite! It is fast paced but easy to follow.
 Hi there, did you watch the Oscars? I didn't, but I heard Black Panther won a few awards. I didn't either, but I'm happy that it did win a few. Marvel movies are always so enjoyable.
 hi how are you? do you like basketball? Yep, out of the 30 NBA teams the Knicks are my favorite
 Hi, how are you? Hi I am wonderful. I wanted to learn more about basketball facts today.
 hi how are you? are you interested in basketball? Yea I'm a knicks fan but keep up with all 30 NBA teams. You?
 Cats or dogs, which do you like more? I love dogs. They're great companions, loyal. 
 Hi!  Are you a fan of dogs? I love dogs. What's not to love? They are man's best friend.
 Good morning! Did you know they have doggy blood drives? That would be so cool to see, the next time I donate myself. Good morning!  No, I didn't know that. I would love to take my dog to one and see all the other dogs there too!
 I love dogs. It's hard to remember sometimes that they come from the wolf family. I love dogs too.  I can see how they could be used for therapy.  They have been used to help sports stars like J R Smith...
 What do you do for entertainment? Netflix hulu movies mostly i listen to audio books. How about you?
 Reading all that was quite informative and interesting. I don't personally think Ronald Reagan was the best president. He's no Bill Nye, that's for sure. Bill Nye in 2020!
 hey there, do you know much about the sun? Hi! I do know a bit! For one, I know that it's mass is comprised of approximately 73% hydrogen and the rest is mostly helium. Are you interested in the topic?
 Do you know  much about the ancient thinkers? I dont know a whole lot. I have heard of them before though.
 Are you a fan of the Star Wars franchise? hi I am, my favorite movie is Empire Strikes Back, what about you?
 Hello, so what do you think of Dwyane Wade returning to the Heat?  I think it's good for the team probably. I think it is a good idea because he will be retired as a Miami Heat
 Hey, do you use YouTube? Hey, how are you?  Yes, I use it a lot.  Can't believe it has come the 2nd largest search engine on the internet!
 Hi, how are you? Great, thanks! Are you a YouTube user?
 Hi, Do you like traditional dances? I don't really know much about traditional dance. I'm a basketball fan though. Tell me something about dance!
 Hi, how are you doing this morning? I am well thank you. I used to go to a lot of concerts. Do you enjoy concerts?
 Are you a fan of those Star Wars movies? Yes, I am.  Guilty as charged, I have loved them since I was a child.  How about you?
 Do you have a favorite animal? I do, dogs are my favorite by far, what about you? out of the 7 million species which one is your favorite one
 How's it going, do you like drama shows? I love House, Hugh Laurie got paid 700,000 per episode Hello,  yes I like drama shows.  I have never seen that show but I hear its really good. 
 Hello How are you doing. Do you like dramas. I love dramas! I was into house back in the day, how about you?
 I am a Gen X'er and I love beer. I knew Britain loved it's beer as well, but I had no idea they had over 50,000 pubs currently open. That is a ton of beer to serve.  Tons of customers though.  Some parents bring their kids to the pubs.
 I enjoy many different genres including dramas. Do you like dramas? I do like dramas, are you a fan of House?
 Hey there! I never knew gentrification of pubs affected the UK so much!  Me neither. I have never travelled to the UK. Have you?
 Have you heard about Beer Day, celebrated in Britain? Have I?  It's like a second Christmas, Uncle Dave spends six months a year planning for it.  His insurance won't even cover him anymore.
 Hi. Do you enjoy drama? I do like drama, what about you? 
 Hi, do you like drama movies or plays? I would have to say drama movies. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good. I just read a lot of information about the rapper Drake. Do you know of him? Any fun facts about him?
 hi do you like dance? I love it. Did you know Bruce Lee was a dancer too?
 hey there, do you like Drake? Hello - my kids like Drake, I don't get the appeal, auto tune and everything.  How about you?
 Do you like dance?  Sometimes. I might need a drink or two to loosen up first. How about you?
 I read that humans are among the best long distance runners in the animal kingdom. That surprises me cause even in my prime I would have trouble going a block. Too Funny! We are pretty resilient apparently we can grow a rib back equally if not stronger than the previous one. 
 Hi! It's crazy to think about evolution and see the kind of creatures we once were and what we've morphed into. Very fascinating! Did you know humans began to exhibit evidence of behavorial modernity around 50000 years ago?
 Do you like the radio? Yes, I'm old enough to have listened to am radio when it was entertainment, not political opinions or music. Though interesting,  I didn't know you could hear Jupiter s storms on am. Do you like it?
 hey there do you like rap music? I like it. I usually listen when I am at the gym What about you?
 Hello, do you like rap? I like the odd rap track that I've heard over the years, but I definitely would not say I was a fan.
 Hey buddy guess what? I just started getting into rap post grammy show! Crazy right? What?? I dont know rap. I am more interested in melody and harmony
 Hello. Do you listen to a radio?   yes while driving . 
 Hello there do you have a favorite album? Yes.  It is "When Hell Freezes Over" by the Eagles  Mine copy is in the format of a CD
 Good morning!  Do you know anyone that still has a rotary phone? Good morning.  No, the last person I knew with one was my grandmother and she has been dead for 26 years, now! Do you know anyone?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like reading? Hi! I love reading. In fact, I've been wanting to read Starship Troopers since it's the first Sci-Fi novel to make the reading lists of three US military branches! What about you?
 Hi!  Do you ever read columns like Ask Amy? I do not. Do you?
 hello, do you like basketball? Yes. But I do not watch it often.
 Hi, how are you doing? Great! and you? Do you like basketball?
 Hello! How are you today? Hello :) Good. Just working on HIITs and letting movies run in the background. You?
 do you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you like Tim Duncan?
 Hi Do you know many facts about superheroes? I know a few. But I do not really know but a handful of the 300 registered superheroes in the US. How about you?
 Have you watched the series Black Lighting? I have not but I have heard a bit about it. I like regular TV, also known to some as telly.
 hey hows it going do you like the NBA? I do like the NBA, what about you?
 How many people play association football worldwide? About 250 million, in over 200 countries.  Pretty crazy right?
 Do you watch television? I watch it now and then, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Great!  You?  Do you like television?
 Hi, how are you? Great and you?
 did you see how fast that dutch bus can move Yes, I did. I think that is crazy fast.
 i am doing really good today Glad to hear it. I just had a baby and don't look as good as Kate Middleton when she walked out of hospital.
 Do you happen to enjoy dramas? I do like a good drama.  I think anything with Jon Hamm is going to be good.
 Hey there how often do you use Facebook? I know that I've cut back on my usage a lot since i first got it I probably check on it daily.  I have definitely cut down on using it as well. 
 Hi! I couldnt believe IHOP pulled such a stunt by changing its name to IHOB just to remind the world that it also sells burgers. What about you? I felt like an American tradition was dashed.  IHOB doesn't have the same ring to it. 
 Hello, do you watch the world series? I do watch them, they have been around for a long time right?
 hi, do you like cars? I love cars. Got a new Merc c3004matic. rocks. I believe Benz made the first car, not Ford.
 Good Morning! How are you today? Super. What about you ?
 Hello are you a Facebook user? I am but not as much as I used to be. It has surely made its way in the divorce filing paperwork
 Hi there! Are you a soccer fan at all? And by soccer I mean football. I don't watch it too much, but I had a lot of fun playing it as a kid. Have you heard of Lionel Messi?
 Are you a tv fan?  Did you know that there is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears nor is mentioned? i have heard that. and also that the simpsons crew sent flowers to southpark after its family guy episode
 I think the rescuers that helped that boy are really brave. yes. they did a great job
 Man have you heard of the story of a  LA kid who was washed away in a maze of drainage pipes Yes, I can't believe this kid was so irresponsible.
 Have you watched The Simpsons before? Hi, how are you? Yes, I've seen the Simpsons.
 hi. i didnt know that drama was basically considered the same genre as poetry I think it's "a" genre of poetry.  There certainly are dramatic poems, just like there can be comedic poems as well.
 Hi, how are you? Pretty good, thanks.  Have you ever considered drama as a genre of poetry?  I recently read that claim.
 Did you hear about the boy that fell in a drainage pipe and was later rescued? That was crazy. It must have been terrifying to have been lost for a half a day, and not know if anyone would find you.
 Hello! Hi! Any interest in airplanes? My dad was going to be a pilot in an air force but he was partially color blind and therefore no eligible :/
 Hi, how are you today? hey I'm good, do you have a computer by chance?
 Hello, how are you? Do you television? Do you TV? I love television! In fact, I love The Simpson's. There's actually an episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see. I bet it's weird never seeing Bart!
 hi how are you? do you watch tv these days? I watch a lot of BBC programs. I don't watch much mainstream TV like Greys Anatomy, etc. Right now I am watching all the Silent Witness seasons on Prime.
 do you follow celebrities? Sometimes. Pixar has a room where only they are allowed
 What hobbies do you enjoy? Hello there, I really enjoy listening to music, how about you?
 hello, Have you been in D.C.? Hi, no I haven't. Too cold!
 Hello, are you a fan of basketball? I watch a little here and there.  How about you?
 hi how are you? what kind of entertainment do you like? I like all kinds of entertainment. Since entertainment is a form of activity that holds the attention and interest of an audience, or gives pleasure and delight.
 Did you ever play with the Original Nintendo Entertainment System? Hi! Of course I did play on those old clunky gray devices compared to the devices kids haul around these days. Did you?
 Hello! You can call me A. Hello A! Are you a fan of Best Buy? I feel like I hardly buy thing sat Best Buy anymore, but apparently they have a service that offers unlimited technical support for an annual fee of $199, would you pay for something like that?
 hey there, how are you doing? I'm doing well. Was just shopping for shoes on Amazon. Did you know they have been around since 1994? I didn't realize it had been that long
 Hello, how are you today? What are your interests? Hey there, I was so impressed with Aretha Franklin version of Amazing Grace. The sound was glorious and an epic moment.
 Hi, how are you doing today? Pretty good.  Will you watch the Academy Awards this year, also know as the Oscars?
 Do you like Aretha Franklin? Apparently there is an old concert of hers that has been recently uncovered I love Aretha Franklin. I would love to see the concert; I believe it was "Amazing Grace".
 Hi there! How are you today and what are you up to? I'm just hanging out watching TV. me too, I am watching south park, i love that show. What are you watching?
 Hey, I just bought a new iPhone. You ever owned one? Yes, but it broke when my son threw it.  I guess Apple wouldn't have liked that.
 Are you an Amazon Prime member?  They now have 100 million customers! No, I have not though I have been in the past. I can't believe that more than five billion items were shipped with Prime in 2017.
 Hello,  do you like Amazon? Hi there I do like Amazon. I buy a lot of stuff from there. What about you?
 Hello! Do you like netflix? I watch netflix every night. I don't even have cable anymore. 2007 was life changing when they started streaming.
 Netflix is a company that was started by a guy that was sick of late fees. I love Netflix. It seems so essential now. I was a member when they just sent DVD's. From 9am to 12 am they account for 33% of bandwidth in North America. 
 Hello! Hi, how are you?
 Hi, do you have an iphone? Did you know that they have more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent? I do. That's pretty amazing!
 do you use your phone much? Yes a lot actually. Do you know who invented it?
 Hello. There is so much for entertainment these days, what do you like? I used to love the original Nintendo and it only could display 54 colors! Ah the good old nintendo.  I played it a lot back in the day.  Still do.
 Hello there. hello! So what is your favorite album? 
 Do you enjoy listening to music albums? I love music! all genre's. I was reading about Sugarland Reuniting, I like them.
 Amazing that with the level of technology we have, the cables carrying our data overseas are less than three inches in diameter I agree!  It's so crazy how they lay against the ocean floor.  I'm curious as to how they did that. 
 Nice.  I will leave you with this thought: If John Mardenborough can become a race car driver by playing Gran Turismo, what will playing Super Mario do for us? I wonder why they discontinued it in Japan in 2003?  I thought it would go forever.
 Hey how are you? How did you feel when you read Sugarland is back together? They got back together? That's great news. It's nice they worked out those differences and decided to make music together again.
 hello how are you? do you like to listen to the radio? Yea I listen to AM a lot.  I'd love to find the radio station that translates solar activity into sound
 Hey there! What are your thoughts about the republican party? It has a great history.  It was anti-slavery before the Civil War.
 do you know much about the senate? Yes They had a gavel for 165 years before Nixon cracked it
 Hello there, do you know much about politics? Not really!  It's very annoying, disappointing and frustrating!
 Hi, do you know much about politics? Hi there, I know some stuff. DId you know Hilary Clinton was the leader of young republicans in college
 do you know much about the US senate I know that nixon cracked the gavel they had for 165 years
 Hello there Hello
 I'm surprised that the species of wolf around today isn't the one dogs are descended from. that is crazy, do you like dogs? I guess they drink with the bottom of their tongue
 It must be hard to watch your first born or any of your kids go to college, hard to let go sometimes. I am surprised how fast time flies.  The article I read about the lady's first born leaving for college hit lots of my buttons when our two children left home.
 Do you like college?  Hello - I went to college and got a degree so I do. What about you?
 Hey, do you watch drama? Yes, I do. Do you like art shows?
 Do you like watching Dramas? I like The Walking Dead.
 Hi there, do you like dramas? Yes I do like dramas,  how about you?
 Are a patron of the live arts? No not really. Unless you coundt my kids school plays. Lol
 hey did you know that Jupiter has storms you can pick up on your AM radio? Oh, wow that is super cool!  I like am channels when storms or bad weather is near me.
 do you like rap music? do you like rap music?
 hello  Hi, what do you think of Nicki Minaj making history with 100 appearances on the Billboard 100 chart?
 Hello there, do you use Google much? Basically every day.  Id be lost without it.
 do you like cars? I love cars. DId you know in Ohio is illegal to warm up your car?
 hey there do you drive a car? I do.  As a matter of fact I just went through a McDonald's drive thru.  Did you know they opened the first one in 1975?
 Hi, are you a fashionista? I wish. I am somehow able to dress my kids really well but I look like a slob.
 Hi, do you like music? Hi, yes I do. Do you like music?
 Hi! Have you ever remodeled a house? Yes once. It cost twice as much as estimated and took twice as long.
 hello, lets talk about old cassette mix tapes Do you have any old ones?
 Do you know much about Daft Punk? Hello there, I know about them, but not too much past that.  How about you?
 Remember the old rotary dial phones.  New York was assigned area code 212 because it was the quickest to dial. Yes, I do remember. Long gone now. A virtual world, but not as distant as texting, it seems. Hard to imagine how many miles of cable are on ocean floors worldwide. Care to venture a guess?
 Hey, how are you? Good, how are you?  Keeping Helen Keller in the curriculum seems like a must!  Her story needs to be shared with communities and children.
 Hello how are you doing?  did u know that The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button. No, but it kind of looks like it.  Interesting too is that you can get an addiction from clicking links
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I am well thank you, I hope you are too.  Do you remember your first computer?
 Have you read books about Hellen Keller? Yes her story is a great read. Did you hear texas wants to get rid of her story?
 I think that living in todays day and age is very difficult b/c of the harrassment some receive through different pieces of technology. You mean like body shaming ?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like to use the Internet? I could not live without it.  I helped establish it in the 1990's at a telephone company.  We placed some of the optical networking technologies in place to allow it to grow.
 Hello there, did you ever play a Nintendo growing up? Oh yes, Mario and I are great friends!
 I spend a lot of time on the internet. Probably too much. How about yourself? I do too, almost all day because of work and then some, its crazy how dependant weve become of the internet.
 Do you have your own car? yeah, i drive an '09 malibu
 Wow!  I just learned some interesting information about Clothing.  I had no idea that there was a line of apparel that was produced in North Korea and then marketed as coming from China.  Fascinating! Yes it is.
 Are you a fan of horror movies? No I am not.  They scare me, but maybe I should if they can burn more than 180 calories.
 Did you do anything special on the latest MLK day? No not really, I did watch an HBO documentary about his final years, really interesting and complete, what about you?
 Hello, do you watch movies? Well, I saw the shining recently. As scary as an Edgar Allan Poe story.
 Do you ever shop at Target? I have shopped at Target. It seems like a nice store, nicer than Walmart, if you ask me.
 Are you into horror films? i am not really into horror films, though there are a couple that i like.
 Hi, what is your favorite car? Hello! I love the old Mustangs...and you?
 hi hows it going?  did you know that Target Use to be called Goodfellow Dry Goods? Hi! Really? That's funny! They are doing really good right now!
 Do you like to go to the library much? I used to love it as a kid, and mine even had a nice park next to it. Mine did too! A nice park with a duck pond and fish. When I lived in my hometown I used it a lot as a work and study space because of the big tables and free wireless.
 Hello hows it going?  Do you shop at target? I do occassionally though I go to Walmart more often. How about you?
 Are you on Facebook? I don't use Facebook because I never felt comfortable putting so much information on it. What about you?
 Hi. I would say my favorite tool on the internet is Google. I would have to agree. But do you remember life BEFORE Google?
 Hey there do you work loading? I know that I wear my clothes everyday haha Hi, how are you? No, I don't work loading. Did you know that Apple had a line of clothing in 1986. Bizarre.
 Do you like beer? Good evening, yes I do.  How about you?
 Hi there. You enjoy using the internet? It is so addictive and actually causes changes in the brain!  I do! In Finland, everyone has the right to have internet connection.
 Hi, do you know much about telephones? I know a little bit.  Do you know why New York's area code is 212?
 A horror fan? Hello there, I am, but mostly of the older ones.  How about you?
 What do you know about spirituality? I like learning about it. Do you? I also like video games and imagination. Did you know that Eve online won a world summit award from the UN for e-content and creativity? Have you ever played games like that?
 HI, how are you? What do you think of this planet of ours? I love it, I wish we would stop destroying it though
 Do you consider yourself a religious millenial? I'm not sure what that is. Do you listen to the radio much? 
 Hi! I've often wondered if there ever existed a being like Bigfoot. They've said Virginia is a serious hotspot, at least according 6o Daniel Benoit with the East Coast Bigfoot Researchers Organization.  There's even a private investigator who has been investigating Bigfoot for at least 20 years! It's no surprise that Virginia has researchers and radio shows dedicated to the search, I have yet to come across these shows though.
 Do you listen to the radio much? Hi! Yes, I listen to the radio almost daily on my morning commute, do you?
 Are you a fan of the NBA?  Yeah...I like the Knicks. But Reggie Miller used to always one-up them. They should've hired his sister.
 Hello do you like the radio? Yea, I'm a big fan of am radio.It's pretty cool there's a website that streams all the classical radio dramas for free
 Hi! Did you enjoy this article? i liked it i learned alot about the nba
 Hello Do you like animals? Hi! Yes, I do like animals. How about you?
 Do you still use the radio/ I do, but only when I'm driving, what about you? 
 Telephone is a telecommunication device which allows two user to have conversation. Oh thanks for the info lol Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear deterrent?
 Do you like to watch gymnastics at all? They're pretty talented in the Olympics. No I can't say that I watch the Olympics at all. But Alina Zagitova sounds talented but there is a question about her year of birth
 Hello,  do you like horror films? No all that much but i have watch a occasional thriller. You? 
 This story is crazy, i haven't heard of the swatting case before Yeah I have heard about this before, it's a serious crime and should be. 
 Do you like to go to the gym? Yes, i try to go there as much as I can.
 Do you ever like to dance to music on the radio? well, i tried doing a moonwalk, but a lawyer stopped me. Apparently i was violating michael jacksons IP rights.
 hey there my friend do you like to dance? Hello, yes I love music and dancing!
 Hey there have you ever watched the FIFA World Cup before Hello,  I actually have never watched it. 
 hi do you like the piano? Hello yes I do actually. A man was once found in the street in UK and only communicated via the piano
 DO you like to watch professional soccer? I do not. I'm not a sports fan, but I do know that soccer brings in more revenue than all of the American sports, combined.
 Do you like to play the piano, I love the video recorded on the same piano as Paul McCartney, Bohemian Rhapsody. We used to have a piano, but I could never wrap my head around using both hands.  I didn't play all that much, though.  That piano was probably in a famous studio.
 have you had someone put a lighter near your ear to heal an earache? No way!  How does that even work?  
 Do you have a dog? Yes I do. I love dogs did you know here are 12 different blood types that a dog may have
 Do you listen to the radio? I do from time to time.  How about you?
 Hello!  Did you know that Jupiter has radio storms so strong that we can hear them on AM radio? I had no idea, did You ever heard how it sounds like ? ;)
 Hello, are you familiar with NBA (a men's professional basketball league in North America)? I am somewhat fimilar with it I did know that the league adopted the name National Basketball Association on August 3rd 1949... I only know that cause that is my birthday lol
 Hello.  Are you into astronomy? I am! I am interested in the planets.
 Good morning! Did you hear Marreese Speights is going to China? Good morning! No I did not hear that.  Does China have good basketball teams?
 Hello, how are you doing today? What do you think of the Earth? I am well!  I tend to like Earth.  I wish people would quit destroying it.
 Are you a fan of the Yankees?  I am a new fan of baseball. I have a lot to learn. I did hear that a player was suspended for not cutting his hair once,lol
 Hello! Do you like the radio? I do, I listen to it everyday, do you like it?
 What do you like to do for entertainment I sometimes play Nintendo.  My original NES was cool but it only displayed 54 colors.  
 Are you a tennis fan by chance? Novak Djokovic sure is a great player. Im not actually. I dont even know who he is.
 Hi there. Hope you've had a good day. Do you like to play tennis? I tried it several times but I ended up running all around the court and not making much contact with the racket! I was never good at it, but I liked playing Top Spin on Playstation.
 Do you follow basketball? Hello - I follow college basketball but not the NBA. What about you? 
 Do you know who won the Djokovic and Nadal match at Wimbledon in 2018? I recently read that it was a very close and exciting match, but I don't know who won. 
 Did you ever play Nintendo? I did a long time ago. Did you?
 Neither do you like the Yankees? I used to watch them all the time I do not like them. I am a cubs fan. Baseball starts this week. Do you like baseball?
 Hi, how are you? hey there, good, how are you?
 Did you ever play the NES? It only had 54 colors! Video games have come so far! I had Atari when I was really young. And yeah, games look like films now
 Hello, The internet sure has changed things and how many people behave.I remember when I was a teen we were out doing things and socializing in person. Now so many teens rather stay in and use social media.  And it's doubled in the past few years. 45% is a lot of the population constantly online through their phones
 Hi, how are you this morning? I am good, yourself? I hope they find the missing Chinese tourist. She is too young to have been on her own and I am sorry that she got kidnapped
 So how much does Amazon dominate you life, I seem to interact with it every day? I for sure go online . I just can not believe one person founded the company.
 Don't you think Amber Alerts perform a very valuable service in the country? I think they do, but they can vastly be improved. Having said that I believe it has saved a few lives. I think it recently saved a 12 year old girl visiting from China if I am not mistaken.
 I use Amazon a lot. Do you do the same? I order from Amazon frequently probably 3 to 4 times a week. Did you know the guy that found it  was Jeff Bezos?
 Hi there, do you shop online? I sure do, my favorite store is Amazon, and you?
 hey there, do you every do any shopping on amazon? Hello, I use Amazon all the time. Its a lot cheaper to shop on there. That is if you dont mind waiting a few days for your item.
 Hi, do you have a means of transportation like a car? Yes, I do  I love my car! and you?
 Good morning! How are you today? Good, just surfing the internet and reading some inter-linked hypertext documents
 Smartphones and teens, this sure is a problem. It is a problem, but I'd have to argue, not only restricted to problems for teens, adults as well! However, I think social media usage is a problem
 What hobbies do you enjoy? I enjoy bird watching, you?
 Hello, do you like amazon? Hello there, I do, I use it quite a bit.  How about you?
 hey there, do you ever buy on amazon? I use Amazon all of the time. It's hard to believe that it started off as an online book company at this point.
 Do you think weather forecast are usually accurate? because if you do, the DC area is in need of umbrellas. Yes it is more and more accurate. In my opinion. Indeed, it looks like it will rain for the next days in Washington. 
 Hi, how are you? Hey! I'm well!
 Did you know MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75M? Bet they regret that one.  No doubt since Facebook was valued at $104 billion in Feb. 2012.
 Did  you have a MySpace account? Who didn't have a myspace lol, did you
 Ah, Facebook and Twitter are losing cash and users? I find social media to be less and less social and more of a giant echo chamber with a mob mentality as of late. What do you think? I think social media is a great invention,  but of course people take advantage of it and use it for other intentions.  I think its funny that Myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook in 2005
 hey theer did you ever play the game monopoly? Yes, I love that game though it'll take a long time before anyone ever becomes bankrupt. Do you?
 Do you still use the radio? I do, I love listening to the radio, what about you?
 Do you like comedy? Yea, I love Seinfeld. Nice to see Julia Louis-Dreyfus win the Mark Twain Prize for American Humor
 how's it going? Do you watch much tv, it's fascinating how they are able to transmit moving images Hi! It is fascinating but I dont think people pay much attention as to how it works. Do you like sitcoms? 
 Hello there good friend. I love when the sun is shining outside. The sun is actually white but is perceived as yellow because of atmospheric scattering. Hey there, good to meet you. That's interesting. I'm pretty interested in the Cosmos and the sun in itself is amazing. Without it we wouldn't have life on Earth.
 Hello Hi, how are you? Do you listen to the radio?
 It makes a lot of sense that Julia Louis-Dreyfus would win the Mark Twain award, don't you think? Absolutely I am a huge fan of hers.
 hi how are you? do you like radio? I love the radio! What do you like to listen to on it? I used to listen to country, then rock, but now I like most all types.
 Do you use the radio? Hello - I use the radio everyday. What about you? 
 Hi, are you comedy fan? I do! I used to love watching 3rd Rock from the Sun. I couldn't believe it won a Golden Globe in 1997 and beat Frasier, Seinfeld, AND Friends.
 Did you know U2 was once introduced as a Country Music band? I didn't know that. It's surprising that they actually played country music and opened for themselves.
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of the president? Personally not that big a fan, sometimes I wonder if President Banana from Zimbabwe would be better.
 Do you know much about world presidents? Hi, just a little! For example i have learned about a president that is musician
 Hey there do you drive a car by the way? Do you know the history of them also? I do drive quite a bit but I'm a little fuzzy on the history of them. Do you know any cool facts?
 Hello there, are you into cars? I am a fan of cars! How about you?
 Good morning!  Do you like cars? Yea, I like Benz, I never knew that Karl Benz patented the car all the way back in 1886
 Hi there!  Do you like cars?  I do because I would never get to go anywhere without one. It is very useful for getting me around.  I dont know what I would do without it.
 hi how are you? do you like the sun? Yes, I love the sun, It's a mystery, I always wonder about it.
 70% of Nevada is a lot of land. The federal government should either transfer that land back to Indigenous nations or charge market rates to extractive industry and use the revenue to pay everyone a Citizen's Dividend. Hey I think that is a great idea, I would totally support that. 
 Hello,  did you know the norweigian government donated money to save the amazon? Yes! I just happened to read up on it recently. It is interesting the choices various governments make regarding the environment. 
 do you know much about the governent? SOme stuff. Do you know what WIkileaks is?
 Did you know the sun is actually white?  Wow no I didn't know, because the sun always appear to be yellow.
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you facts about the internet? The 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button.  I did not know about it.  Please tell me more.
 Would you ever want to be a baseball umpire? I don't think any kid dreams of growing up to be a ref or umpire. No, I would not.  Umpiring is a special calling.
 hello, lets discuss the umpires Have you ever been an umpire?
 Are you a fan of baseball? Actually I'm not a big fan.  I do understand it, though, unlike football!  
 Hi, how are you? Hi! I am good! So do you like Baseball at all? I like to play it sometimes. 
 Do you go to concerts at all? I sure do. Did you know Ramones toured for 20 years?
 Howdy! Ya'll a country music fan? I love country music concerts! I have been to private homes and even nightclubs for concerts.
 Hello there, do you attend many music concerts? I do, I prefer live concerts to not live. 
 Hey, what do you think about this: A man in France impersonated a government employee and sold the Eifel Tower...twice! Wow that's impressive haha! Also impressive that the Chinese governmnt censored the word for censorship!
 hi! Hi, can you imagine the US not charging income tax like Monaco! 
 hey there, do you listen to the radio much? Sometimes, not too much though. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am well. I am learning about animals and how many there are on our planet. Do you know how many?
 Hi! Are you familiar with Jazz music? Hey! Yes, I am familiar with it.  Are you?
 Do you own a car? I do!  Did you know that the first patent for a car was given out in 1886 to Karl Benz?  I didn't know they were being developed so soon.
 Hi there!  Are you a transformers fan? Hello! I have watched most of the movies and loved the toys as a kid!
 I think it is fascinating that President Obama could still be President even if he was born in Kenya like Trump used to claim.  I do as well. I find it interesting how candidates change their attitudes and even accents when speaking in different states. 
 Hello - how are you today? Hello. I am good and yourself?  Have you read or scene anything about fishermen rescuing a humpback whale?
 Do you ever look up places on Google Maps only to zoom to see what they look like up close? Apparently if you do that to the White House, you'll see Obama Wow that's funny! I should certainly try that some time. I wonder if it's in India, I know he visited there and it was a big deal.
 Do you like Carmelo Anthony? I did when he was playing.  What is he up to now?
 Hello,  do you listen to the radio? I used to listen frequently. I don't listen much now. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Great.  Are you a fan of the NBA?  There's a battle going on about who will get Rookie of the Year, Ben Simmons or Donovan Mitchell. 
 How are you? Do you watch the NBA, there are 30 teams in the league currently Hi, ugh more basketball questions. All but 1 are in the US
 Good morning.  So just found out that Air Jordan's were banned by the NBA, but Jordan wore them anyway, and Nike paid for the fines.  Watching Jordan was amazing though Morning back. Yeah, it kind of feeds into the idea that there's a different set of rules for the well-off--even among the already well-off!
 Hello there, do you follow basketball much? I do, I love it. I know the NBA is made up of 30 teams, which includes one in Canada.
 Hello how are you doing today? Hi, I'm good. Was reading today that the inventor of basketball, James Naismith, is the only losing coach in the University of Kansas's history which is pretty funny. 
 do you like basketball? I sure do, Do you know who Karem Jabbar is?
 Hi do you like to watch basketball? I watch the NBA from time to time. I love that it is the premier basketball league in the world. I watch on occasion. Mostly during tournament times
 How many zeros are in quintillion? Because I hear that there are about 20 quintillion animals on Earth. I am pretty sure there are 15 zeros in a quintillion, that's a lot of zeros.
 Hey. You follow politics closely? Hilary Clinton actually won a grammy before. I do, and really? she won a grammy? what for?
 Hi!  Do you listen to jazz? Yes, I do. I like Jazz a lot, there's all kinds of Jazz styles that I like such as hard-swinging jazz, bluesy, improvisational, gypsy and Bebop.
 Good morning! How are you today? I am good.  Just thinking about the choices a raccoon gets to make.
 Hey. You an NBA fan? The league was founded back in 1946. Hello - not much of an NBA fan, prefer college. What about you?
 Are you interested in politics? I definitely am. I am!  I love learning new facts about the presidents, etc.
 Do you enjoy the NBA by any chance? The NBA is my favorite professional sports league. I am a fan of the New York Knicks & grew up idolizing Allen Iverson.
 Do you like basketball or money in basketball? Yes I love basketball. It looks like Carmelo's leaving the OC Thunder.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing quite well, how about yourself?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you tonight?
 Hello, do you like basketball? Yes, i do. i try to watch the nba finals. You?
 Hello, I love animals. Helping the whales was a great decision made by those fishermen who helped whales out of a big tangle.  That fisherman is a role model, few would sacrifice their lifes to help an animal in pain, I  think its heroic.
 Are you an NBA fan? I've heard the players can make more money through endorsements than playing. I am a huge fan. WHo is your favorite player/team?
 Hello. Hows it going Pretty good. That was smart of Tim duncan to stay in school.
 I am such a big NBA fan. Do you like it? I am! I don't follow it much but am a fan.....of the NBA
 Hey there, how is it going?  Hey there! Man, are you following all the things going on with Trump?  
 Interesting that there's a programming language written in musical notation. I have a coder friend I should ask about that. Yeah, I heard they have jazz like harmonies. Not really sure how that works. Do you like jazz?
 Do you like sports I only like basketball. Do you like any sports?
 Hello do you like basketball? I find it fascinating but I don't really know that much about it. Are you a fan?
 Do you know a lot about basketball? I find it very confusing as a game.  Yeah, I've always been a fan. I remember when Kareem Abdul Jabbar dunked so much that the move got banned from college ball for years.  
 Do you like Jazz? Don't know much about it. You?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like music? I do like music. Country is my favorite. But have been getting into jazz lately.
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? Hi. I'm good. Yes, I listen to the radio. I guess this would be an interesting story to hear on the radio!
 Hey do you watch basketball? I do, the Wizards are my favorite team, do you like the sport?
 Hi there! Who is your favorite president? Rutherford B Hayes. Yours?
 Hi, Do you like basketball?  Did you know that Kareem abdul-jabbar's dunk shot got banned from college basketball for over a decade? Love it. James naismith, the inventor of basketball, is the only losing coach in the university of kansas's history
 Did you know President Obama was an attorney? Yes. Did you know Hillary clinton was president of young republicans in college?
 Hi there, do you like animals? I absolutely love animals! How about you?
 Do you have a favorite album? I do, mine is Straight Outta Compton, whats yours my friend? 
 How's it going, have you ever played the guitar? I always found it difficult to fret the cords Good morning, no I have never played, because my fingers were way too fat, but I always wanted to.  
 Do you follow college basketball? Hello,  no I do not,  do you?
 Do you know how to play the guitar? No, I don't. Do you play an instrument? 
 Hi,did you know out of all the 50 states 39 of them has a basketball or football coach as the highest paid state employee? Thats interesting! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade.
 Can you play guitar?  I used to but haven't played in years!  I like to talk about them though.
 How are you? Good, do you still listen to albums or only listen to separate music tracks ?
 hi there, do you play any instruments? I used to play guitars back in my college days a little but never had time to practice so I quit eventually. How about you?  
 Hello, did you know The Us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor I was not aware of that. I wonder how many employers actually use it. 
 Hello, lets talk about basketball. There is a basketball court located in the US supreme court building.  Good morning.  Cool, I've heard about that court, "The highest court in the land" lol
 Have you heard of Nils Lofgren? The guitarist? Yes, I am a huge fan of his work!
 Do you like the guitar? I love it such a good instrument. DO not know how to play it like Van Halen though
 Do you remember when records were hip? Oh yeah, like cassettes as well , those were good times. You could actually hear the music with no filters 
 Do you like to read? i do.. big into storys that hold deep connections to the way we live in the world as well as sharing information. INto sci fi?
 Do you like reading books? I think its an important habit that is getting lost yes, for sure. have you ever read starship troopers?
 Hi, how are you today? Good, just listening to a audio book. I used to think it was just for the kids but I really enjoy it also. How about you?
 Would Marty Allen be someone you are familiar with? No I'm not too familiar with him, I just know that he passed away at 95 though, that's a long time to live!
 Hello!  Are you a fan of country music? Hi! Yes, but do you agree that people should refer to Country Music as also hillbilly music?
 ji, how are you doing today? Pretty good, are you a fan of Marty Allen? 
 Hi, how are you? Do you watch TV much? Hey there I watch TV from time to time. I Like The Simpsons a lot what about you
 I can not wait to see the "space jam" sequel It should be fun.  LeBron is going to be criticized for all his off the court activities if Lakers don't start winning soon
 Hi, do you follow basketball? In 39 states, the highest paid state employee is either a college football or basketball coach. Does that seem fair? I know a little but I wouldn't say I was  fan
 Hi do you like basketball? I am a very big fan, what about you?
 Hello! Do you like Lebron James? I do like Lebron James!
 Do you follow LeBron James much in the NBA? Yea, I remember last free agency when he made a list of teams he would speak with
 Hey there do you ever play basketball? yeah i play hoops. great exercise, unless ur kareem...then u can just stand there and dunk
 Do you like country music? I love country music. What about you?
 good morning. Good morning! Do you enjoy basketball? The season is in full-swing right now.
 hello hello
 hey what do you think about Lebron? Apparently he was born in 1984 Hi. He's a beast. Yeah he is considered one of the best players in the world.
 Kobe and LeBron are two of the best players ever ya I agree, do you watch a lot of basketball? Lebron is espeically good I'm glad hes going to be in the Space Jam sequel
 Hi, are you a basketball fan or player? I thought it was funny physicists proved "granny style" is the best technique for free throw shooting. I remember Rick  Berry used it and was the best shooter, but looked odd. I don't play basketball, do you ? As a scientist, I would approve the granny style, it is the most efficient way to throw the ball. 
 Hello!  Are you a basketball fan? Hey there I do like basketball. Do you think that Kobe Bryant should end his retirement and play basketball with LeBron James by the way?
 what is your favorite form of entertainment ? Wow, that is tough question.  TV and movies are great, but I  alos enjoy plays and dance.  Entertainment is such a broad category, that it is hard to choose.
 Hey! How are you? Do you listen country music? I'm good thanks for asking.  As a matter of fact I do listen to Country music.
 Are you into cars? My husband is and it is his passion. I am into cars. It's also one of my passions, its been more than a hundred years since the first Ford model
 hello Good morning!  Do you like live music concerts?
 Hello, do you like poetry? I like reading it but not writing it.  How about you?
 Do you like to read? Yes, I love to read! Do you like to read?
 hi, do you know much about humans? I know as much as there is to know from being one. We're the only mammals that can't swallow and breathe at the same time
 Hi, how are you? hey there I'm good, what do you think of the Human race?
 hi how are you? do you like to dance? Hello! Yes, I do!
 Hi, how are you? Fine. What about you? Internet is the biggest medium which connect all the part of the world. It make all of them in single handed.
 Do you like using the internet? Yea, it's pretty awesome how many applications are available on the world wide web
 Do you line dance? I love dance. DO you know which dance EMilia Clarke did when the auditioned for the GoT?
 Hi do you use the internet much? Yes all the time Do you know what the hamburger button is?
 Hey there, how is it going? Hello, good thanks. Do you like to watch live dance performances?
 Humans are the only member of the hominina. They differ from the other creature from the brain and complex languages. Thats intersting. Especially considering that it may have been as short as 240000 years ago when humans lost all the hair from their bodies.
 do you use facebook? Yes I do. Did you know that they offered to sell to Myspace?
 hello,  do you like Pianos? I like the sound of their music. They have been around since 1700!
 Hello! Do you like plays?  Yes I love all kinds of art!
 How's it going? Did you know the piano was invented around 1700? i did not know that, but that sounds about right. i think that it has changed much since then.
 Have you seen the viral photo of a six year old who was comforting his dying sister? I did, that was a really sad picture, poor kid, 
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Facebook? Hey I'm great! Yes I do use Facebook, but first I had MySpace. Did you know that MySpace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75M in 2005? They missed out!
 Hi there my friend. Do you like dramatic movies? I do, I also like Hugh Laurie the actor. 
 Hello - how are you doing today? Im doing great, do you like drama tv?
 did you know that the space shuttle only used about 1mb of ram? That's shocking. It's amazing how far we have come with technology. Speaking of computers, the first algorithm was written by a woman. 
 Apparently, Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor for a TV drama.  that is interesting, I think he made almost a million dollars per episode, I never watched much House though, did you?
 How's it going, do you watch youtube much? It was started in 2005 Hi there.  Not very much.  They offer quite a variety  though
 I like to watch YouTube more than TV. Do you? Yes, growing up in the 60-80's I can still find video's of music artists I loved then which takes my mind right back to that era. Did you know it started out as dating website, that made me laugh as if I'm watching videos I'm giving my wife less attention.
 hello Hi.  Do you use youtube often
 i am very much like to use facebook. what abt u? Yes, but did you know a third of all divorce filings in 2011 contained 'facebook"? So many people use it.
 Hi there! Do you use Facebook? Yea, I started using facebook shortly after it was started in 2004, you?
 Hi, do you watch a lot of youtube? I do. But I use Facebook more. You?
 Do you use facebook? I do not. I detest the color blue, unlike the colorblind creator of FaceBook.  You?
 Hi there! Do you like watching the NBA? I watch a bit here any there.  I am really excited for March Madness though.
 Are you a fan of the NBA?  Hello do you like basketball?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hi, Do you follow NBA?
 I am a huge football fan but have recently been wanting to get more into Basketball. Lebron James has some interesting views.  Yeah, he lets his 14 and 11 year old have wine. What do you think about that?
 Hello!  Are you an NBA fan?  Do you like the L.A. Lakers? Hi, yes I like basketball. I admire Le BRon James very much
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Did you hear Steve Kerr compared Zion Williamson to Lebron James?
 do you like basketball? Yes I do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Who's your favorite basketball player? Mine is Lebron James, probably the best in the world. I would say between him an Curry maybe?
 How's it going, do you follow the NBA? Seems like Lebron doesn't care about winning championships anymore since he signed with the Lakers I follow it a little. It seems he will go where the money is to me. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm good, just getting ready to watch some basketball today. How about you?
 Hello, do you like the NBA? I'm learning to like it, how bout you?
 Do you watch basketball? Occasionally. Now that LeBron is with the lakers, I try to catch them when I can. You?
 jayson Tatum seems like a hot prospect for the Celtics with 20 or more points in 7 postseason games Wow, interesting.  Jayson Tatum has emerged as perhaps the next great young player for the Boston Celtics. 
 Hello! Hey there did you hear about Kevin Durant and the exchange he had with Draymond Green?
 hi, do you watch basketball? well I don't usually, but it is shocking that the NBA had the dunk banned for a while
 Good morning! Do you like basketball? I do like basketball its one of my favorite games. 
 Do you like basketball? Hi there, yes I do. Do you know reggie miller?
 What do you think about the Lakers signing Michael Beasley? Hi there, they have been signing some odd players this season, I will say that.  What do you think?
 Well, that was weird. My articles just switched to basketball Mine always were.  Did you see how judge Judy's pay compares to Lebron's
 Hello there, are you a follower or fan of Lebron James? Hi, how are you? I know a little bit about him. He's a marquee player.
 Hi, how are you? I am great! How are you? I was just reading about how Basket ball player Draymond Green was suspeneded over a verbal issue, do you like Basketball?
 Too funny!  Lebron James get's teamed up with players he doesn't really get along with. well ;) It's not a game on a street with friends - it's kind of his job ;) sometimes we have to work with people we don't really like :)
 Lebron is going to take over LA! I know! He will!
 What do you think of Lebron James? Hi there are you a fan of the NBA?
 hi how are you? are you a basketball fan? Hi! I do like basketball. How about you? Are you into basketball?
 The NBA consists of 30 teams, one of which is in Canada. oh yeah, which one ?
 Hi there , looking forward to chat with You ! Hello! What did you think about the article?
 Do you enjoy the NBA? I follow it sometimes.  I know there is 30 teams total.
 DO you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you like TIm Duncan?
 Hi, how are you? Good morning, well, and yourself?  Would you consider yourself a basketball fan? 
 Are you a fan of basketball by any chance? Hi, Yes. Raptors fan! The only team in Canada.
 The NBA is one of the major professional sports leagues in US and Canada. That is true. It is composed of 30 teams in the United states and Canada.
 I was surprised to know that the average pay for a NBA player is the highest  for all professional sports.  That's crazy I thought it was NFL.  I was surprised to know Reggie Miller's sister outscored him.
 Hello, how are you? Good and yourself?  Do you watch basketball? I hear that scientists prove that the granny shot is actually more accurate than other ways.
 Are you a basketball fan at all? Not really.  Being an LSU grad, I followed Shaquille O'Neil when he was there.  And Michael Jordan when I lived in Chicago. Did you know Michael Jordan wore Nike Air Jordan shoes to play even though they were banned by the NFL?  Nike was happy to pay the fine considering the free advertising they were getting.
 Do you follow the NBA?  I used to shoot granny style as a kid, but apparently it is the best technique to shoot and score on the line.  Did you play as a child? I don't follow the NBA that much but enjoy it when I do watch. I did play as a child. How about you?
 I hear that Jeff Green is becoming a valuable veteran for his mentorship of younger players on the Wash. Wizards, if not for his own talent. man, good call on lebron james to reject reebok and wait it out
 LeBron James said that the Lakers have a long way to go to reach the Warriors level.  The results so far this season prove him right. yes, the warriors have been dominant these last few years. the lakers are rebuilding. lebron is just one player. the warriors are a team.
 Hey, Lebron James is a great guy on and off the court. Do you like sports? I do! Basketball is pretty fun.
 Hey how is it going? Are you a big fan of LeBron James? I am, LeBron is the best, what about you? do you like him as a player?
 hi, do you watch NBA? Occasionally, but I don't know much about it. What about you?
 Do you like basketball? Yes, especially watching the NBA finals.  Cavs. vs. Warriors!
 Hi are you a basketball fan? Yea but not as much as I used to with the Warriors always winning the title, maybe Houston will be able to beat them soon
 Did you remember that play in the NBA finals when J.R. Smith got the rebound with almost no time left and the score tied and he just dribbled out the clock? Yes, wasn't that something? Well, we all make mistakes.
 hi, do you like basketball? Hello - basketball is my 3rd favorite sport, but it's all we have right now!
 Do you like NBA? Hey there!  I love the NBA!  I am a big basketball fan so I definitely love the premier league in the world!
 hi how are you this morning? I am good. I am a basketball fan. Although I have a tendency to love all the players. James Hardin was 2018 MVP.
 Do you enjoy the NBA? I do, what about you?
 do you like the NBA? I sure do . DO you know who Reggie Miller is?
 Hey there do you ever watch the NBA? NBA stands for National Basketball Association by the way Yes I do, do you? I enjoy going to the games!
 Hi there! Do you have a favorite basketball team? Not really a favorite but I like the Cleveland Cavs.
 do you like basketball? Yes I do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 This article is interesting. I have always been intrigued with the structure of sports leagues in the United States. There are so fundamentally unique. Are they unique ? How are they different then lets say in Europe ?
 Hello! Do you like basketball? Hi!Yes I do! I enjoy watching the Bulls. Do you have a favorite team?
 What team does LeBron James play for now? He's headed to Los Angeles Lakers it seems although I dont follow basketball that much, Lebron is a great player though
 Hello there, are you an NBA fan or fan of basketball in general? I would say I'm a casual fan. Grew up going to Charlotte Hornet games.
 Hi there!  Are you a basketball fan? I do like it a little bit! LeBron is pretty amazing.
 Do you follow the NBA? My kids do and love it! I have watched NBA games on TV. It is a fun and interesting sport.
 Do you follow basketball? Sometimes.  I used to play basketball when I was at high school.  Is the NBA as powerful as NFL?
 Hi, how are you tonight? Hi! Hope you're doing well! Did you hear about LeBron telling reporters how mature his two boys are? I was surprised he said both he and his wife share wine with them!
 Do you like to watch basketball? I prefer to play - I used to watch a lot. Why ?
 do you like basketball? I love it.Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Hello, do you like basketball? Yes, I do. I find it crazy that there are 30 teams in North America.
 Hello,  do you like basketball? It's not my favorite sport, but I hear things about it from time to time. Do you like it?
 Hi, do you watch the NBA? I love basket! I learned Basketball players are the best athletes in the world by average
 Hi! How are you today? I'm home watching TV, hoping to watch a little basketball later. I am great! How are you? I plan on watching basketball as well. LeBron James is my favorite player. 
 Hi! Are you a fan of Lebron James? Hi! I am a little I suppose.  I'm not sure that I like knowing he lets his kids drink wine though.
 Do you like how LeBron James plays? He's amazing! Some consider him the best player in the game, and he would probably agree...
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hi, do you follow NBA?  Did you hear that physicists proved shooting "granny style" is the best technique to score points on the line?
 Hi, how are you? I am good, what do you think about the NBA? Do you ever watch it?
 Hello Good day to you. Do you like sports?
 Are you a basketball fan? I watch some now and again
 Do you follow the NBA?  I guess Draymond Green got suspended after a heated argument with Kevin Durant.  The NBA is more and more like Pro wrestling.  Yeah, I do follow the NBA. Durant should have kept his cool, but he's right, Green cost the team the game when it mattered. 
 Are you a fan o basketball?  I am, I like the mid 90s players. Jordan, Iverson, Reggie Miller.
 do you like the NBA? I sure do. Do you like Tim Duncan?
 How's it going, do you like horror film? Many were inspired by Edgar Allen Poe, Stroker, and Mary Shelley Yes, I just found out about the latest one that I want to see call "A Quiet Place". It's a silent thriller starring real-life married couple John Krasinski and Emily Blunt and is the No. 1 movie in the country.  I liked that horror movie called 
 hello, do you like horror films? Yes I think they are thrilling. Its funny how stephen king thought bambi was a horror film.
 hi how are you? do you like cars? Yes.Remember old ones with fins, two-tone '57 Chevys, 1st SUVs...you name it. How about you?
 Hey there! How much do you like Star Wars? I know that I like the first three movies, not too crazy about the rest though Hello, I like Star Wars. Excited about the new land at Walt Disney World opening soon.
 How many Star Wars films have you seen in the theater? I don't remember which ones I saw in theater, and some of them came out before I was born. It's the first major movie to be dubbed in a Native American language, and that didn't happen until 2013
 Do you know how to play the piano? I used to as a child but not now. It Is such a beautiful instrument. Invented back in 1700.
 Hi. I thought it is awesome that you are allowed to put flame-throwers on your car in South Africa. What do you think about that? Ah, that's sound crazy. What do you think about the pizza guy that plays beethoven on the piano where he delivered a pizza.
 Hows it going? Do you like the newer james bond movies? I've only actually seen the older ones but I know a decent amount about them from pop culture. 
 Hi, how are you? Are you a baseball fan at all? Good afternoon, I'm afraid not.  I know a little but would quickly run out of things to talk about.
 Hi Do yo like star wars? Hello!  I am definitely a fan of the original series and the prequels, but can't say I've been thrilled with the movies since Disney took over.  What about you?
 Hi, how are you doing this fine evening?  I am doing good, do you like to the radio?
 Hello,  How are you doing? doing well, and yourself?
 Hi.  Have you heard of "Porgy and Bess"? Isn't it the show on Broadway that is set in a black community in South Carolina? It sounds interesting.
 Its alarming when fires cause harm in California Yes, I agree. 
 Hello my Friend! Do you have Spotify? I do and I love it!
 Hi, how are you? Im good how about you.
 Hi, how are you? HI, I'm great! What do you think of the sun?
 I didn't know the drive-thru was invented until 1975, that's crazy Also it being invented to keep soldiers in their vehicles is not why I would have thought it was invented.
 Hi, how are you? Good, how are you?!
 Hey how are you doing? You listen to Spotify or the Radio more? Hello,  yes both!  How about you?
 Hello! How are you tonight? I am well, thank you, I was just playing a little piano. Do you play?
 Hi. Are you a fan of Wonder Woman the 2017 movie? I actually havent seen it.  But I have heard great things!
 Hi there. Are you a fan or follower of celebrities at all? Not really but I pay a little attention when they are on the news.  Are you a fan or follower?  I've heard recently that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode.
 Hey there what do you think about the president? Or at least the top three most wealthy presidents haha., who do you think they are Not sure, I think JFK was one?
 hi how are you? what do you think of Lebron james? hello,  hes cool.  I dont know too much about him.  Apparently,  he and Curry grew up in the same town in Ohio. 
 Did you hear about the burglary ring that has been targeting celebrities in Los Angeles? Yes, I heard about it.  They were planning to buglarize LeBron James before they got caught.
 Hello!  Hows it going?  Did you know Pixar has a room where only celebrities can go ? That's cool. Did you know Robin Williams was actually who started the trend of celebrities performing in animated films to begin with?
 Good Morning! Hello, do you follow Robert De Niro?
 Did you watch the President last night? I did not, but I read a bit about his speech
 Oh, the horror! Why is it hard to look away, even when a book is full of gore. This looks fun! Do you like horror movies and books?
 Do you watch horror films? I have seen a few. Are you a fan?
 hey did you know trump isn't one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents? Like he is not in the top 3 how is that possible His not? that is surprising, his guest house alone is bigger than the White House, who are the top 3 wealthiest presidents?
 Did you follow the Winter Olimpic games? I follow the summer olympics more but yes I do. Surprised to hear VP Pence was there.
 Good morning! Did you know that Kim Jong Un has been editing pictures to depict North Korea's history differently than what actually occurred? Really?  Wow. 
 hello,  do you know much about Kim Jong Un,  the supreme leader of North Korea? I know he's been the leader since 2011.
 Are you a fan of  country music? Good Morning!  My Grandpa and Dad listened to old time country, so I am more partial to George Strait, Conway Twitty, and Johnny Cash than I am to modern country artists.  You?
 HI! I love to watch pixar movies. I wonder what they have in their secret room?  Sounds mysterious. Did you know the Celebrity status is often associated with wealth?
 hey there, do you like country music? I grew up in Oklahoma, so i listened to a lot of country music as a kid. You?
 Hello My friend! Do you enjoy reading? Hello! Yes I do. I am not a fast reader though. The world record for speed reading is held by Anne Jones with 4700 words per minute!
 Do you like to swim? YAY! Were back in business! How are you? No, I hate swimming ! LOL i am terrible at it. how about you?
 How are you? Just fine, how are you?
 I've always really enjoyed gymnastics. How about yourself? I do like gymnastics! I took it when I was little, how about you?
 Do you like soccer, do you follow the MLS? I don't really, how about you? I think as Americans we are the only ones who call it soccer. Soccer was slang for association football.
 hi, do you like animals? I adore animals! you?
 Hello.  Do you like snakes?  I recently heard that there are no snakes at all in new zealand.  That is a country I would like to go to! Hello there, I am not a big fan of snakes no, and really? That is a very strange fact. 
 Were you aware that "Association Football" is the proper name for soccer?  No I didn't know that.  I wonder how the name soccer came about since it's actually association football?
 do you like jazz? I sure do. did you know clint eastwood also really likes it?
 Did you set any new year's resolution for the new year? I have set one and already met it, how about you?
 Good afternoon! How are you today? I'm good.  Thanks for asking and you?
 Hello, did you ever watch School House Rock? Hi! I did and two songs I'll never forget is "Conjunction Junction" and "Electricity, Electricity". It was so sad hearing Bob Dorough, the man who wrote those songs, died. What about you?
 do you like trousers? I sure do. Do you know what the fly refers to?
 Hello!  Do you by chance remember the old Schoolhouse Rock song Conjunction, Junction?  (Granted, you might be too young for that.. lol!) Hi, how are you? Yes, I do remember the song.
 Did you know that the romans thought that wearing pants was a sign of being barbaric? I did not know that. That's funny. You know Aladdin's pants took inspiration from MC Hammer.
 hi how are you doing over there? do you like the Sun? Yeah, without it I'd be dead.  Our sun is only 1 billionth the size of the biggest star in our galaxy.  I wonder if it has an inferiority complex?
 I loved school house rock as a kid. What about you? Me too, Conjunction Junction, what's your function.  Brings back good memories.
 Hi there, bought anything good on Amazon lately? Sure. I bought some good melt n pour soap. Made myself some nice soap.  How about you?  I love shopping on Amazon!
 Are you a fan of Amazon? I am a fan of Amazon. Are you?
 Hi there...good morning. What are your thoughts on Robert Redford? His new movie looks like a lot of fun!
 Hi Do you know much about cars? I know a little bit about them. I know that I love driving and would rather not have to walk if I can help it! Do you?
 Are you a fan of dogs?  I have one. Good Morning....nope, had some dogs when I was younger, but I have 2 cats now. My mom was a poodle groomer, so we had tons in the house all the time.
 Hey how are you doing today. Did you hear about the recent summit between Trump and the North Korean leader? I think summits are kind of interesting basically just an international meeting. I did, I think they just had one, but there was no deal, right? 
 hi how are you? what do you think of the presidency? Hi, I am good. how are you?  I think it's interesting that the role of the president is different depending on what country they are in.
 Good morning! Good Morning! How are you on this Friday?
 do you like baseball? I do. Do you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Hello, lets talk about television. There have been a lot of pokemon episodes made, more then 750 total.   Wow! I wonder who has time to watch all of those.That is 50 a year for 16 years straight!
 Television is called telly in some places.  Even my wife does it sometimes.  Do you? No. To me, "Telly" will always be the actor Telly Savalas. AKA Kojak. I'll usually call it the TV or the boob tube.
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, do you follow baseball at all?
 Good afternoon! How are you today? Thanks for chatting with me! Do you like to play video games? I play a few games on my phone. Used to play video games a lot when I was a kid.
 Hello, have you heard of the Parkland shotting? I have it is very disturbing to hear of it
 Hi, how are you? good how have you been? do you watch baseball?
 DO you still use a landline ? No.  In my opinion, the landline is going extinct.  Growing up my grandparents had a multi-party line.  My parents had a landline.  I killed the landline once cellular was cost effective.  Now cellphones are small computers that do so much more than landlines.
 Hi, how are you? Hello. What are your favorite possessions? A shirt? A car?
 Hi, how are you doing on this fine evening? I am well. Thanks for asking!
 I did not know that Youtube is the second largest social media. It is? I didnt really think of YouTube as a social media site, although it did began as a dating website.
 What are your thoughts on youtube?  I really like it! I wish I could figure out how to do my own YouTube channel to make money. Do you ever watch it?
 Hi there!  Do you watch youtube? I do, its the second largest search engine on the net, I really like it, do you?
 Hi, do you like government? I do like it, i believe it provides some control.  
 Do you know any interesting facts about government? I do! Monaco eliminated income tax because they made so much from casinos
 Hey there fellow human! What do you think about the human race? I know that we lost her hair about 200 thousand years ago Many of us lose hair much sooner ! LOL. I guess there is an advantage to losing body hair, or we wouldn't have survived.
 Do you know much about presidential history? I know some, but not too much. How about you?
 hey there, do you know much about humans? Being a human, I would say, yes, I do.
 Hi! Are you into politics, did you catch the news about the border funding today? No not today, but I was keeping up about the wall, Have the funds been approved?
 Hi , did you know there is a president who does have time for music? pretty cool! Do you mean the indonesian president/
 The US President, Barack Obama, served as President from 2009-2017, but it seemed like he was President for much longer than that... I know right!  The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 Hi! Do you like dogs? i sure do like dogs. i dont have one though. you?
 Do you like reading books? Hi, I do like reading.  I have an 8 year old I am trying to get into books.  I recently heard of a good book called Endling: The Last by Katherine Applegate.
 Do you like to travel? I do.  Have you heard about this condo complex in Alexandria, VA?
 Hi, how are you doing? Do you like to travel? I do love travelling! Although I would rather skip traveling across Japan since it costs over $300 due to the highways being tolls! Ha! What about you?
 Hey how are you, do you have a car by chance? I do, It is great.  No flame throwers though.
 Hello there, do you watch tennis much? Yes. It is a racked played sports between single opponent or between doubles.
 Hello,  do you like drama Tv shows?  Did you know Michael Caine joined drama class because cute girls were taking that class lol  Yes I do like drama TV shows, I wish Jim Carrey would do dramas but it seems like it goes against his beliefs.
 Do you watch the show House?  I watch drama and comedy shows only. What about you ?
 Hello.  What do you think of Trump and Kim Jong Un having a signing ceremony? I'm conflicted, but I feel that the summit is simply a show and nothing substantial will come of it.
 Are you a basketball fan? Not at all -- not much of a sports fan at all. Are you?
 hey there, do you have an interest in earth and other planets? Sure! I live on the planet earth. It's my home. 
 Good morning. Did you hear about the Trump and Kim Jong-un summit? Unfortunately they didn't get much done. Hi, how are you? I did not hear much but I am not surprised. I think it's going to take a lot for Kim to change his beliefs. 
 Hi! Are you interested in politics? Hello - I do follow politics from time to time. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good thanks.  I hope you are well.  I was reading about Dwight Howard, apparently a skilled athlete.
 Do you watch basketball? A little, how about you?
 Hello! Do you listen to the radio? i dont listen to the radio much these days. i did when i was younger. You?
 During the g20 summit, Putin shock the Canadian Prime Ministers hand the latter said I guess i'll shake your hand but i have only one thing to say, you need to get out of Ukraine. Wow!! Yeah, that's quite amazing. Russia is not a very nice country though, did you know that during a g20 summit they gave delegates & heads of state thumb drives & phone chargers containing trojan viruses that were 'capable of illicitly picking up computer and mobile phone data'. That's a scary thought.
 Hello! How are you doing today? I just read some very interesting things I would like to talk about I am doing great. I also read some interesting things. Especially about radios. I still have a hard time fathoming how they can transmit data through the air but it seems very interesting to me.
 Are you a fan of our president? Hello, not a lot no are you?
 Did you know Studio theater is going to produce robustly an original season for 2018-2019? Yes, I had heard that and I am super excited about it! David Muse is artistic director!
 Hello - how are you doing today? iM DOING GREAT HOW BOUT YOU.
 Hey there. Do you like various forms of entertainment, like drama or comedy? I like both comedy and drama, especially in films. How about you?
 Did you ever see Beetlejuice the movie? I thought it was good.  Beetlejuice was the best! Now there is another being made but it is a musical version....
 Do you like drama shows, movies, podcasts? My favorite entertainment is Drama and Comedy movies! How about you?
 hey there, do you like drama? Sometimes, you?
 Hi, how are you today? Pretty good, how about yourself? 
 Hi do you watch dramas? Hi there I sure do and one of my favorite is House MD
 do you like drama? Yes I do. Did you ever watch the show House MD?
 Hi, do you like movies? Comedies are my favorite. I love to laugh. I do indeed like movies, the type depends on my mood and the occasion, I'll usually watch comedies with the kids.
 hi, do you like drama? I do like drama its one of my favorite genres, what about you? do you like it?
 hey there, do you watch baseball? I enjoy watching the batting and fielding.
 Do you watch Baseball? Yes. Do you know much about paul rudd?
 Do you follow the NBA?  I loved the Spurs when Tim Duncan played for them.   Yes I follow the NBA from time to time. I have a hard time picking my favorite team out of the 30 though, but I think it would be the Pistons, what about you?
 DO you like Tom Cruise? Good Morning!  I like a lot of TC's early movies and think his recent roles are formulaic and kinda boring.  You?
 Do you watch a lot of television? I watch far too much.  I love watching TV and talking about it! I'm so glad I was born in a time with TV. It's only been popular in the United States since after World War II. Now TV sets are common in homes.  What do you watch on TV?
 Are you a fan of the nba?  I like the NBA.  Did you know the league adopted the National Basketball Association name in 1949 after merging with the competing National Basketball League?
 Hi there! Do you enjoy basketball? I love it! especially the NBA. How about you?
 Do you like the N.B.A.?  Not really... I prefer football.  I do know that Tim Duncan stayed in college before playing. 
 Hello there, are you a fan of the NBA? I dont follow it,  but I do watch it sometimes lol 
 Hey there, happy New Year.  Happy new year to you. Are you excited about the Spurs game on Monday?
 I like many genres including drama. Do you enjoy dramas? I like dramas and comedies. Is there a drama that you like a lot?
 Do you follow the NBA and the Wizards? No i dont actually.  Did you know Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records!
 Hey what do you think about Tom Cruise? He is one of my favorite actors of all time?
 I had no idea motion smoothing was such an issue in the minds of celebrities like Tom Cruise. do you know There are so many crises in the world that its sometimes hard to keep track of who is shilling for which cause.
 Hello hows it going?  did you know there was a man in france who impersonated a government official and sold the eiffel tower,  twice? That's pretty awesome! That would take nerves of Steel! What do you think about WikiLeaks?
 Hi.  Did you know WW I soldiers were able to make a radio out of razor blades and pencils?  I would end up cutting myself... I wonder how those foxhole radios would work
 Summer break seems so much shorter than I was when I was a kid. I felt it used to last forever. I agree! We would go for road trips. We took the car for transportation. We had a four wheeled car that sat four people.
 Hello, do you like summer break? I love it! And I love vacations!  What about you?
 hey hows it going? Hi,
 Do you own a car?  Yep and I couldn't live without it! Would love to drive a 1908 Model T at some point.
 Seems that if you are in the DC area there is a lot going on this week. yeah stevie is the man! and the drink specials at 2 birds 1 stone
 Did you know Uber has already started using driverless cars? I thought Google was still developing/testing those Yeah that is pretty crazy, I for one am on the fence about how i feel about self driving cars, I feel like a driver should still be required to be behind the wheel just case.
 Hi. Do you enjoy reading about celebrities? Sometimes they aren't always that exciting! I am never too excited about them. They are only human!
 Have you ever met someone famous? I met Sandy Duncan at Disney briefly and a famous children's author we know.  I think it would be fun to meet Judge Judy too.  I wonder if she'd share any of her fortune since she makes $123,000 per episode.
 do you like music? I love it. Do you have a favorite singer?
 So, you think Uber is safe enough to use autonomous cars yet? I honestly don't think so, I have seen videos on youtube of Tesla's committing errors so that definitely worries me
 Hey did you hear about the Uber crash recently that killed a pedestrian No, what happened? I was thinking about doing uber or lyft in addition to my day job for money to buy another car. 
 Have you ever been to D.C? Washington D.C? Only once
 Well, that was interesting...I didn't know that it was illegal to equip your car with a flamethrower in South Africa. Wow, I did not know that either, it must be a crazy thing
 Are you a fan of horror films? I am! I love horror films and you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great! How are you doing tonight?
 Hey!  Do you like baseball?  I love it and cannot wait for the season to start in a few weeks!   I love baseball! Who is your favorite team?
 Hello! How are you today? I'm doing great.  Do you want to talk about fish?  My favorite fish is the seahorse.  Did you know that the seahorse is the only fish to have a neck?
 Did you hear about James A Mirrlees death? No, i did not. who is he?
 Dr. Mirrlees died. that is sad, he won a Nobel Prize he was very smart of course
 do you know much about the government? I know some stuff. Do you know what wikileaks is?
 Do you own a car? I sure do. Do you know who invented the drive thru?
 Hello,  do you listen to the radio?   I used to listen to the radio when I was younger. Not so much now. How about you?
 Hello, how are you? I'm fine, thank you. I've just been thinking about cars recently. Like did you know that Cadillac is actually named after a person?
 Hello, how are you today? Hi! I am great! So do you like ballet at all?
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? I'm good!  have you had a chance to read Michael Ondaatje's latest novel "Warlight"?
 Good morning, have you read Michael Ondaatje's new novel, "Warlight"?  I haven't yet. It reminds me a little bit of Kurt Vonnegut's Slaughterhouse Five. The whole idea of a post-bombing London reminds me of Vonnegut's experiences in Dresden after the firebombing.
 Hello do you like horror films? No. I don't to be honest but I do like drama.
 hi, how are you? Great. I'm reading a poem backwards.
 Are you a big horror fan? It's starting to make a comeback. I really am not. I don't like things jumping out at me. How about you?
 Hello. Are you into traveling? I am, I'm currently in my hotel room traveling for work. 
 Did you know that a man in France tried to impersonate a government official, and sold the Eiffel Tower...not once, but TWICE!? I believe it.
 Hey have you heard about head coach Joanne Boyle? Hi.  Yeah, looks like she quit to finalize an adoption.  
 Hi, do you like to travel? If you do what is your favorite method? Used to love to travel abroad. Plane travel is much faster (time inflight) today than 40 years ago! How about you?
 do you like basketball? Yes I do. DO you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Do you watch tv frequently? I do!  I watched a lot of it!  lol
 Do you like snakes? I had a pet corn snake once. Mostly I see them in my garden, or see my cats trotting along with them in their mouths, LOL. Cool!  I am curious about them for sure. Since I'm from the US, I should be able to see my fair share unlike the people in New Zealand where there aren't any!
 Hello, Do you watch much tv? Well I don't have cable. I do have Netflix that I watch sometimes. What about you?
 Hello, do you watch TV? Yes, sometimes. I mostly watch youtube. What about you? I really like comedy, cooking, and gardening shows.
 Do you like to read? I love to read! Have you ever read Starship Troopers? I didn't realize it was a book before it was a terrible movie.
 Nice to meet you, Basketball is one of my favorite sports. Are you a Kansas Basketball fan?  hi. i do like basketball but i live in new york. i am a knicks fan.
 Hi, are you a basketball fan? I like to watch when I can. I like basketball themed movies too, like Space Jam.
 Hey hows it goin?  Do you like basketball?   Hey there! I do but don't really follow it, pretty interesting The Nba was founded in 1946! Been around a long time!
 Do you like Basketball? I do like basketball, have you ever played? I used to play back in high school
 Do you like to read? Not as much as I used to.  Have you read Ender's game?  It's suggested reading at the USMC.
 Have you seen the new Romnaoffs show? No, but I hear it was made by the same creator who made Mad Men, is it any good? 
 Do you travel much, I just returned from Paris two weeks ago. It's ironic that most Icelanders use domestic flights to get between major towns, I've done a couple layovers there and as you come into the airport the lava flows make it look like the moon. Wow that sounds amazing. I've never traveled out of the country. I'm on a vacation now in Vegas. 
 Hello there , do you shop online at all? I sure do, I love shopping on Amazon, and you?
 DI you shop online?  alot of the time, I like to shop on amazon and you?
 Do you like Disney?  I do, I like finding "hidden mickey mouse" images in all things Disney.
 Hi,  I look forward to chatting with you!  Did you hear about Disney acquring Fox Television Group? Yes,  I did.  Do you like Disney?  I love Disney,  but I never knew Minnie Mouse's name is short for Minerva.
 Do you watch TV?  Hey there I watch TV from time to time, what about you?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like horror movies? I actually don't, but I don't mind some thrillers. I might have to give one a chance though before I take my next trip to the museum 
 Hello do you like basketball? Basketball is an exciting sport. There are many teams and players. 
 Are you familiar with J.R. Smith's celebration after the 2016 NBA Finals? I think I saw a bit of that, he went shirtless in the celebration
 How you been doing? Have you heard about Jim Dutcher and his wife who studied wolves? Hello, I'm good thanks. I have never heard of them before, tell me more please.
 Hi! Have you ever ridden a motorcycle? Some people take cross country trips! No not really, Im kind of afraid of them, dangerous machines
 hello how are you? do you prefer humans or fish? Honestly, I love both! What about you? I do think it's cool that seahorses are the only fish that has necks... like we humans have. Ha!
 Hey there, did you know that the top riches presidents prior to Trump was Washington, Jefferson and jfk? Yeah thats cool.  Did you know that the president guest house is bigger than the white house?
 Good Morning Hello, and good morning.
 Did you like Obama as president? I disagreed with him a lot- at this point, I would prefer anyone over trump. Even his dogs. It's funny, you can see him on google maps.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great, crazy how that couple ran with wolves for about 6 years
 hi, do you like baseball? Hey, I do like baseball, but don't really follow it. 
 How's it going? Have you ever been to the Grand Canyon? There was an unfortunate helicopter crash there recently involving tourists I haven't ever been but it is on my bucket list.  I heard about the crash, it was pretty bad.
 Do you like to watch baseball? I prefer to play baseball over watching it, but I went to a game a few years ago. Do you watch it?
 That would be scary to see the tourist helicopter crash at the Grand Canyon in February. Yeah it must have been pretty horrific to see
 Good morning! How are you? I'm good!  Do you still listen to the radio?
 Fish are amazing beings, too much to learn about them still I'm interested to learn about fish.  Please tell me more about them.
 Hi, how are you? do you like fish? I'm good, thanks for asking.  Yes, I love to fish!
 Do you like basketball? Yes. I am a Knick fan
 Do you know much about presidents? I know that Wilson is the only one to have a PhD
 How familiar are you with the NBA and basketball? Somewhat familiar, I'm a knicks fan but don't follow the other 29 teams. You?
 Do you like hockey? I do like hockey! What about you?
 Do you happen to enjoy basketball? Yea I watch the NBA playoffs and March Madness, Arike Ogunbowale had a great game against Uconn and helped knock them out
 Do you like basketball? I really could not care less for it, would much rather play or watch football. I so agree!  Don't ever watch it, unless someone else does!  I'd rather watch football, baseball or hockey!
 Do you know anything about astronomy and the planets? Hello - I know a little bit. What about you?
 Hey what do you think about the capitals? Do you like Philip Grubauer? Not a big fan but Grubauer is a good goalie and deserves a starting job
 Hi. Do you enjoy basketball at the college or professional level? I I'm not picky about either. I usually watch more of the NBA, if I watch. Jordan was a great player, and he actually was banned by the NBA to wear them in games, but Nike paid the fine for him to do it. 
 hey my friend do you watch the sport hockey? I do! I really like the story behind Phillip Grubauer. He worked really hard
 It amazes me how far radios have come over the years.  I spent most of my life listening to the radio while working as a delivery man. Really loved listening to sports talk!
 Hi. Do you follow politics lately? Hello, Well there is something on the daily that can be upsetting!
 Hello, do you play the guitar?  Eddie Van Halen plays so loud he sets the amps on fire.  I do in fact play the guitar and I love it. I didn't know this about Van Halen but that is awesome!!!
 Hello there, are you a fan of hockey? I love hockey, Do you like Philipp Grubauer?
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of this planet of ours? Hey there I love our planet. Earth is so awesome, it just makes me sad that 80% of our national forests have been destroyed though
 How are you today.  I heard some interesting facts about Capital Good morning I'm doing well. What did you here about Capital?
 are you into college basketball? No, I don't have enough time, there are so much teams to follow, I did not even know that Maryland had a team. 
 hey there do you like watching basketball? I do like to watch basketball, what about you?
 Do you follow the NCAA? Yeah I love March Madness! Vasectomy rates increase during that time lol!
 Do you watch Dancing with the Stars? I do,  but Im behind a few seasons,  do you? Bruce lee was also a great dancer and he won the hong kong cha-cha championship in 1958.
 Hi there! Are you old enough to remember life before the internet?  I suppose so. It is odd to think that there was life before this.  In a way it was good. You weren't constantly being filmed or photographed, monitored by others.  Are you old enough to remember?
 Do you like music? Some I do and some I don't.  Like when it comes to country, I like the older stuff like George Jones and George Strait, and Charlie Pride.  Did you know that only 2 black people are in the Country Music Hall of Fame.  I know Charlie Pride is one; I am curious as to who the other one is.
 Hello, do you like dance? I love dancing, what about you?
 Do you use the internet a lot? Hi! I do, actually! And I'm also not a member of the 7% of the population that reads the full terms before buying stuff online, sadly. What about you?
 Are you a fan of rap?  I love rap music, how about you
 Car is automobile motor vehicle used in now days make our travel more convenient. It really does. Speaking of convenience, McDonald's add a drive-thru in 1975. It was meant to help soldiers that weren't allowed to get out of their cars while in uniform. That's so interesting.
 Hi. I"m surprised to know U2 did an opening country act. That is very surprsing, I am surprised that bruce lee knew how to cha cha
 Hi, how are you on this fine evening? Are you ready for a chat? Hello! I'm doing well Thank you, How are you?
 Hello, How are you today? Do you use facebook? Hello, I am good. How are you?  Yes I do use facebook.  It still seems like a new site to me in some ways so it's hard for me to realize that it's been around since 2004.
 Hey there do you ever use Facebook? It was started by Mark Zuckerberg back in 2004 I used to use Facebook, but not anymore to be honest. 
 Do you use facebook?  I do! I've had it practically since it first started back in 2004.
 Hello, do you follow soccer at all around the world? Sometimes
 Do you know Pixar Animation Studios, commonly referred to as Pixar, is an American computer animation film studio based in Emeryville, California, that is a subsidiary of Walt Disney Studios, owned by the Walt Disney Company. I didn't know where it was based. I'd never heard of Emeryville until now!
 Do you know why they call the trench of a car a trunk? Hi, I heard it came from old cars , I think because they had trunks made of wood before
 do you know much about celebrities? I know that Pixar has a secret room where only celebrities are allowed
 Movies are biggest stress relief for most of the people. Yes,  There have been a number of great films over the years dealing with the affects of stress. 
 The Rock is one awesome guy! He's been in a lot of movies.
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching videos on YouTube. It's hard to believe it is the second largest search engine online. Hi! I'm good how are you? That's pretty funny because I'm also using YouTube. I have a Joe Rogan podcast on. It's amazing how much is on there.
 Hi there. Do you like to use YouTube? I do love to use YouTube. What about you? I really like cooking or mukbang channels and homesteading channels.
 hi how are you? do you like cars? I love cars! In fact I own one named after German inventor Karl Benz who in 1886 patented the Benz Patent.
 My article was very interesting. It highlighted Tyler the Creator and how he doesn't believe money equates to happen. He said that despite all the materials he has, he's still the loneliest person alive. What are you opinions on this? I found it difficult to understand
 hey there, do you know much about earth? I know a little I guess. How about you.
 hi, do you like fish? I used to own some tropical fish to be honest, what about you? 
 What hobbies do you enjoy? Quilting and movies! What about yourself?
 Hello, do you listen to the radio? not too much, i listen mostly to podcasts and spotify. do you?
 How's it going? Do you know much about Fish? Saltwater fish actually drink water through their mouths, I never knew that Wow! That's pretty cute! I used to work at an aquarium store. I've always loved fish and have had some for pets.
 Hello, do you listen to the radio? Big fan of radio.  As a kid my dad used to listen to those classic radio dramas on the local public radio station.  Used to love those.
 Supernovas are amazing, such a display of beauty. i have not seen one. is there one lurking around in the heavens?
 good morning to you Goof morning.  Do you listen to Jazz?
 Do you play golf? I do on occasion. To be honest I prefer golfing 9 holes instead of 18 because I get bored after awhile. 
 Hey, do you like golf? Hello. I like playing golf occasionally, I seldom watch it. How about you?
 I really like to play video games as well as watch movies. There are so many forms of entertainment these days it really is amazing, Yea video games is cool, I remember the NES, it wasn't discontinued in Japan until 2003, that's crazy
 Do you play golf ? Sure do! I try to hit the links at least one weekend a month. do you?
 Hi! Do you like to golf? I don't really know much about the sport. I've never played it. How about you?
 Have you paid much attention with what's been going on with Brexit? Yeah a bit, do you think that theres reason to panic? 
 What do you think will happen with Brexit I think they will eventually leave. 
 Hi, Did you know the dutch are creating a bus that goes 160 mph? Oh nice.  Didn't know that.  Did you know The Chinese government has censored the word 'censorship'
 Do you like to travel? I do like to travel, although I think I'll be avoiding Japan though.
 Are you a fan of the internet?  I am, I use it all the time and really like it, what about you?
 Do you like to travel?  Yes I love to travel, you? Surprisingly air travel is 10% slower than it was in the 60's!
 Have you heard of the Boskin Commission on inflation? I hadn't heard of it before, but it sounds very interesting! Yeah, I heard about that commission, it's headed by Stanford economist, Michael Boskin.
 Hi there. Hearing things about the Middle East is always interesting to me. Their government isn't very well established. I find it odd the relation between money and government. Perhaps the people in the middle East would benefit from bit coin.
 Do you like to travel? Not really.  I'm a homebody.  But from my chair, the internet can take me just about anywhere. Are you a traveler?
 Hi, how are you doing on this evening? Doing well, just reading some of the topics to discuss, I'm clueless about the brexit issue!
 Hello - how are you today? Well thank you. Do you enjoy traveling?
 Hi there! Do you enjoy traveling? Hi, yes I do enjoy traveling although I don't get to do much of it.  Travel is the movement of people between distant geographic locations and can be down by foot, bicycle, car, train, boat, bus, airplane, or other means, with or without luggage and can be one way or round trip.
 hi how are you doing? do you like the internet? I like to surf around the net yeah, do you like it?
 Hello. Do you always read the full terms and conditions when buying something on the internet? fewer than 8% of people do. Count me among the 92%+ who don't!  Maybe I should consider doing so to keep me from clicking links and getting more addicted to the internet than I already am!
 Do you like to travel? I do like to travel. However, I usually do not have enough money or time to travel. Do you like to travel? Where do you go?
 Do you like to use the internet? I think I have gone beyond liking it, it is now just a fact of life for me.
 Do you like to travel?  Hey there, What are your views on government?
 It is curious to think that so many companies are offering streaming services, it might be overwhelming and costly for consumers if content is locked to a single service. I agree, but I also think it is nice to pick which streaming services you want and do not want instead of buying a cable package of channels I never watch.
 Hey there, do you use Google a lot? Hi, I do use google a lot. You?
 How are you? Have you read that WarnerMedia wants to start it's own streaming service by late 2019? hello! yes I was reading about that.  that's amazing 
 Are you a big Netflix watcher? I don't have a Netflix account believe it or not, but it is very useful I have seen.  How about yourself?
 do you use your phone much? Yes I do, do you know why NY area code is 212?
 Hello! Hi. Are you on Facebook? Their like button is illegal in Germany.
 hi how are you? do you use facebook? Im great thanks for asking, I do have a Facebook account, do you use the service?
 hi how are you? do you like facebook? Yes, I love Facebook and get on it everyday. Since Facebook has been around since 2004, I've had an account.
 What are your interests? I enjoy listening to music. I really like Linkin Park, and their 'Hybrid Theory' album is the top selling in the 21st century.
 Hi Do you like music? I do! I am listening to it now. Do you like music?
 Hi how are you? I'm good, do you listen to music?
 I do not get Kanye West - while a popular rapper he is odd I agree with you there. Once in Jimmy Kimmel he talked to much they have to cancel the performance by Arctic Monkeys
 Good morning.  How are you? Good morning! I am good and yourself?  Say, do you like dogs by chance?
 I like Jim Carey.  So many funny movies.  he won't do dramas anymore unless they portay some positivity. I wonder why he chose to do that. I think that dramas can be positive. It depends.
 Do you care much for Mr. West, he seems to self absorbed for me. I dont really like him, he has a couple of good songs but fame has really gotten to him
 I had no idea that George Washington was one of the wealthiest presidents ever, did you? I had heard that! I think those earlier presidents owned a lot of land.
 Do you like dramas ? Well, I got a lotta drama in my life. But I don't mind it if its in the form of opera, ballet, theatre, etc
 Kanye West sure does get himself into trouble with Twitter. Yeah, I have mixed emotions about him.  I am surprised he dodged the "it's cool to hate Trump" crowd. 
 Hey, are you a Kanye West fan? I do like his music, I  am a fan of his work are you?
 kanye west believes aids is a man-made disease, with such a good gpa. Kanye needs to stick to music and not conspiracy theories
 Are you a reader? Yes.  I was reading about dogs lately.
 Do you watch a lot of television? hello not as much as before , but i love a good tv show
 Hi, how are you? Very good! Yourself? Did you watch Tv as a kid?
 Do you like to watch TV? I love to watch sitcoms. what about you?
 do you watch tv a lot? A lot actually. Do you ever watch SNL?
 do you watch tv at all? do you watch tv?
 Are you a fan of Stephen King?  Yes.  I have read several of his books.  I dislike clowns a lot now.  He thought Bambi was a horror film.
 Enjoy reading? If you're reading this I bet you do! :) I do, what about you? looks like you are a book fan!!
 Hey there do you ever read? Like in books or anything or magazines I learned to read a long time ago, but I ain't done it much recently so I mostly forgot the mechanics of the thing. Do you like to read?
 Hello, do you like rapping? Yes, I like rapping.  Let's start with the definition.  Rapping is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates "rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular", which is performed or chanted in a variety of ways, usually over a backbeat or musical accompaniment.
 Did you know that Starship Troopers is the first sci-fi novel on the reading list of 3 of 5 branches of our military? Hello! No I did not know that! I love reading though!
 Hi, how are you? Hey I'm good, do you like rap music?
 Hello there, do you like to read much? Not like I used to.  Internet took care of that. I do read a lot from internet... I guess reading too much can ruin a marriage?
 do you like rap music? I do but I like the old stuff from Tupac and the likes
 Hello, do you enjoy reading? I am not so good at the reading of the words, but I do try my best.
 Man, hate reading the news nowadays.  If it bleeds it leads.  Was just reading about a jogger who was stabbed to death in DC.   Yeah thats crazy.  I really dont like reading about horrible news too.  Do you like shirts?  I hear polo shirts were originall made for tennis players
 Hi!  Do you follow politics? Not really, but I know the basics around the left and the right.
 Hey how's it going. I think wrestling is a fascinating sport. It can be either theatrical or competitive. Good morning!  I agree on wrestling, and my demographic immediately makes me think of the theatrical variety, a la Hulk Hogan & Andre the Giant!
 A congress is meeting of the representatives of nations. Good to know! Do you know a lot about politics? In Maryland they are trashing one another as political candidates.
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of the president? Good morning!  I think the president is a con, cheat, racist, and mentally challenged....
 Did you watch the last soccer World Cup? No, But I'm sure that Mexico played amazingly to get a spot in the World Cup.
 hi how are you? Do you like to dance? I like slow dancing. And I like to box, which has some rhythm to it. Think Ali. Or Bruce Lee, to expand out to martial arts. He was a great dancer.
 Did you have much interest in last summers FIFA world cup? hi how are you? i tried to watch a few games. i was impressed that the smaller countries did well.
 America does well at the world cup having never been below third place.  That's impressive. Really ? Are we talking about "male" soccer, or "female" ?
 Hi how are you today, Do you know what the 5th planet in the solar system is? The fifth planet in the solar system is Jupiter. I have never been there, though I hear it is quite nice.
 Hi Turker, do you have a landline phone, If yes, do you used it? can't say I do no, but did you hear the story about how New York got its area code?
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I am well thank you.  How are you doing so far today? 
 Hi. hi how are you? do you like these things? which do you like the most of all?
 Do you watch basketball very often? I sometimes watch. It can be fun, especially playoffs. You?
 Hi are you a Basketball fan I love basketball. How bout you?
 hello there, do you watch football? On occasion. I like college ball and NFL during the playoff season. You?
 Have you ever watched International Soccer? The Saudis love them some soccer.  I've never watched it but I am familiar with it and you're right, they do love it! Rightfully so considering it's the first time in 12 years their team will take the field at the World Cup!
 Imagine a World Cup in a city that is not yet built! Yeah I just read that,  that would be kinda cool.  The whole city to yourself!  The hungary national football team only had one defeat between 1950 and 1956, and that was the world cup final.
 do you like soccer? I do , do you ever watch the world cup?
 Do you like watching sports? I do.  Soccer is my favorite.
 Are you a soccer fan? No, not really but it would be cool for Iceland to win.  I like supporting underdogs.
 Hello do you like soccer? hi how are you? yes i enjoy soccer.
 You know there is no legitimate way to watch the World Cup in Saudi Arabia, they must resort to pirated TV. That's crazy, but I don't blame them. Are you a soccer fan? I wouldn't want to miss a World Cup game. Especially if it's the first in 12 years.
 hi how are you? do you like soccer? Yes, watch FIFA World Cup matches here in US. How about you?
 How's it going, do you follow FIFA that governs the World Cup? I try to watch some games during the World CUp. the last one was fun. 
 Hi there! Wondering what you're up to? I'm hanging out watching TV. Love my shows even though TV is a mass medium for advertising. Yea I hate tv ads, and the fact that pay cable channels still run ads
 What is the weather like where you are? The weather is cold but does not compare to the summer of 2018. Record high temperatures were experienced all over the Northern Hemisphere.
 Do you enjoy reading? Well, I do not like reading, if there are no pictures.
 Do you like comic books and are you a fan of Stan Lee? i dont really read comic books. i do like stan lee.
 Do you like comic books? I do. I really like the Marvel series. It was created by Stan Lee and at the end of every phone conversation he would conclude with the word "Excelsior!"
 Are you into comics? They were first popularized in the 1930s Not so much, but I like Marvel Heros movies based upon dc comics.  Dc stands fro detective comics
 Hello! Isn't it great hat we can talk over the Internet today? I remember the days without the World Wide Web (WWW). Indeed, back when we had to talk over the phone. Ha! But these days, iPhones have more computing power than the entire US nuclear ICBM deterrent. Isn't that crazy?
 Hello, do you consider yourself a dog or cat person? I don't have a pet now but I consider myself a dog person. My sister owns a st bernard!  I read that google prefers dogs and lets them come to work.
 Hello,  did you know an iphone has more computing power than a U.s. nuclear deterrant? I did not know that, that is crazy! so much power in a little thing.
 Good Morning! Do you own any dogs? No, But I like dogs.  They are the first species to be domesticated. 
 its amazing how Istanbul has a vending machine for stray dogs.  Interesting, that wasn't in my article. How do the dogs operate it I wonder?
 I have always wondered if the Dear Amy articles are real. They often seem to be overly dramatic situations. Hello - I'm not too familiar with the Dear Amy articles. 
 hi how are you? do you like the internet?  I love the internet, so much stuff on there!
 I just love a good Pixar film; do you? Yeah..thats a steve jobs company right? I hear they have a secret room for celebs
 Hello are you a fan of horror films? Hello,  I watch some of them. Some are are too scary!! Do you?
 Hello, How are you tonight? Do you enjoy comic books? I do, I am not a super fan, so I don't know all the characters by heart.
 Do you ever read comics? I do My favorite ones are Archie 
 Hi, are you a fan of the academy awards? No. I was nice that somebody proposed to his girlfriend on the Emmy's though. 
 Hi, do you watch much TV? Not too much anymore, just football and survivor haha
 Do you pay much attention to the Emmys, or any awards? Not really,  do you?
 Did you ever read Archie comics growing up? I did not, I never got the appeal of it, did you?
 Do you listen to the radio? Yea I listen to radio dramas, there is a website that streams them for free
 Have you heard of Dierks Bentley? Love Dierks Bentley, he is a great country singer!
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio much? I do on occasion.  Nothing crazy like listening to the storms on Jupiter though.
 hi do you listen to the radio? I used to listen to the radio a lot. Not so much now. You?
 Do you listen to the radio? Hello, yes, I love the radio. What about you?
 Good morning and thank you for chatting with me today!  Are you an American Idol fan? No, not really, I only watched a little of the first season.  The only reality shows I watch are sports.  How about yourself?
 Do you know Dierks Bently? I don't know him by face, but I have heard his name many times before and his songs.
 Hi, how are you? Good. How about you? Surprised to see Linkin Park is the best selling album of his century, though they did put out some quality music.
 Hi. Do you like music? I like country music that originated in the south of America in the early 1920s. I love music, country music is one of my favorites, how about you?
 Do you enjoy music? I love music. How about you?
 Good morning. How are you doing. I'm good, thanks for asking.  How are you this fine morning?
 Hi. Are you a fan of Dierks Bentely?  He's a country music singer/star. hey Ya I like him, crazy he's been nominated for 13 Grammys!
 Hi, how are you this morning? Well rested... We might want to go to 11 since we're not supposed to waste a turn on greetings.  So, do you listen to the radio a lot?
 Do you like country music? If so you may know who Scotty McCreery is! I have a passing knowledge. I think I heard his name, but am not too familiar. Tell me more about him
 Hi, do you like country music? Not at all, but I know a lot about it. Did you know Amazon founder Jeff Bezos and George Strait are cousins?
 I have a hard time watching the new seasons of american idol. some of the kids are super talented but most come across as bubblegum pop that won't last.  I watched last season, I think Trent Harmon was the winner, I like the show but dont have time to watch it myself sometimes
 Hello, do you listen to the radio? Hello, yes I do.  I've heard that there's a way to hear the sun's activity on it.  Have you heard about or tried that?
 DO you still own a radio? No I don't, but I am interested in reinvesting in one after hearing about situations like Scotty McCreery's song "Southern Belle" and the way that radio hosts actively worked to help it gain fame
 do you listen to the radio? Yes I do. A Hanson song once became super requested because the name of the artist was not revealed
 Hi, how are you? Doing well.  Do you follow modern country music?
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? Yea I enjoy listening to AM radio, I never knew you could pick up Jupiter's radio storms with it though
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? Yea, it's fascinating how the radio is able to transmit sounds from radio waves striking its electrical conductor
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? Sometimes, usually in the car. Radio's been around a long time. You?
 I was reading some country music trivia. I had no idea that Jeff Bezos of Amazon and George Strait were cousins. that's really interesting! i didn't know that either. I was reading about Keith Urban and his album "graffiti U"
 Do you listen to the radio? Yeah, I do, usually I have to listen to talk because that's all that comes in on my own machine LOL, but sometimes I listen to music.  How about you?
 Hi! What kind of music do you like? I enjoy country. It originated in the southern US around the 1920's! I didnt know it was that old.  I personally am a hard rock fan.
 I was getting ready for a trivia class and came across something I didn't know about radios!  Did you know that in Canada at least 40% of the music played must be by Canadian musicians? Yes, I know I am from Canada, it is 40% between the peak hours after that you can play anything.
 hey there, how are you doing tonight? I am great! Do you watch the CMT awards at all?
 Hey how's it going, do you know who Michael B. Jordan is? I do!  He played in Black Panther.
 What do you do online? I like to check social media, music, watch videos and just about anything, what about you?
 Hello - how are you today? Great! Hope you're doing well! So I totally agree with the Michael B. Jordan exemplifying the "if you don't love me meme". I feel as if it was made for him. Ha! How about you?
 Hi! So did you see Black Panther? I was impressed. It was fine. I did really enjoyed how they actually utilized actual historical nsibdi script.
 Do you use a cell phone a lot? I use mine all the time and find it very interesting that my data is traveling along the ocean floor! I do, what about you? I use one every day. It is grea. 
 I spend way too much time online. Do you as well? All the time its an addiction. come a long way from dial-up though.
 Emilia wrote the president criticizing his NCAA bracket picks! That's too funny!!  I'm sure he got a good laugh about that!  Can you believe Fidel Castro wrote to our president asking for $10?!
 Do you enjoy comic books? Hey there. I do like comic books. I think my favorite comic book company is Marvel though, what about you
 hey did you know only 7% of people read full terms when buying something on the internet? No I didn't know that. Kind of scary, but I definitely don't read those haha. Did you know that everyone has a right to an internet connectionk in Finland
 Hey did you know that Obamas secret service nickname was renegade? I wonder why Hmm, good question. Perhaps because he was the first African American elected to the job?
 Hello, do you want to chat about the President, Library, or Barack Obama? I like chatting about the Presidents.
 In authority regimes, a dictator or leader of one party state may also be called a president. I think that's a somewhat underhanded way to hide the fact that the government is in fact a dicatorship.
 I just read about this chick named Anne Jones who could read 4,700 words per minute Thats crazy fast! I wonder how they meassure that, I heard she holds the World Record of speen reading
 Hi, do you like to read? I love to read about so many different things.. I love it, i read for pleasure daily. do you have a favorite genre?
 Hey there do you ever watch hockey? Other countries call it field hockey, but we just call it hockey here. I wonder why that is I guess hockey is most exciting when it's on ice. Canada has TWO national sports. The other one is played on grass.
 So, did you watch the super bowl? No, I don't really like Football.  How about you?
 Hello.  With as much as people use Google can you believe it was founded back in 1998? Its been more than 20 years wow! it does seem like forever though
 To err is to be human. I guess that makes me homo ultima. What does homo ultima mean?
 Do you like to watch TV? I do. Actually am watching it now on my new TV.  No old bulky CRT screen display for me.
 hey how are you :) Hello!
 Hello. Did you know they made a British version of That 70's show? It didn't do very well. It must of been pretty bad. Did you know weekend update is the longest running skit on SNL?
 hey did you know that netflix makes up 33 percent of all internet bandwidht in north america? I am guilty for that bandwidth too. Netflix offered Blockbuster to work with them in 2000 and Blockbuster laughed at them.
 Hello Do you like Netflix or tv? Hi there, I do like Netflix, although I only use it when at other people's houses.  I have cable tv at my home.  How about yourself?
 Do you watch netflix?  I do, do you watch netflix?
 Are you familiar with the 90's? Sure some of my best times. you?
 do you use netflix? Yes I do. Do you know when it was invented?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Do you watch Netflix? Hey I'm doing well. I do have Netflix. I don't have cable so yeah mostly watch Netflix, what about you?
 Hi, how are you HI, doing great today.
 Hi there, do you use netflix? I do, do you use it too? Its crazy that they use 33% of the bandwith from 9pm to 12am!
 Do you subscribe to Netflix? My brother does and I use his account. I can't believe that blockbuster passed up deals to buy them for 50 million...especially cause now they are worth like 2 billy. 
 Netflix is really cool but also influences teenagers a lot, have you seen the serie "Everything Sucks" I have not, interesting title though. What is it about?
 Do you watch Netflix or subscribe to the service by chance?  No, I don't, but only because my internet connection wouldn't support it well.
 Did you know that Netflix scientists did a study and that there are actually more instances of sex violence and smoking that on network TV That's pretty interesting but Netflix doesn't have to worry about the FCC so I can see how it has more sex and violence
 Do you have kids or a lot of experiences watching them? I do, lots of nephews and neices.  You always have to be on guard.  Kids can get into danger very quickly
 Being a parent can be hard, now a days theres many dangers No kidding, especially if your child has a peanut allergy.  Simply inhaling peanut dust in the air can be deadly.
 Good morning! Are you interested in cars? I am, it is better than a horse. I have two cars. Do you?
 Do you have a Facebook account by any chance? I do! Do you?
 Hi do you know many facts about presidents? Yeah. I was surprised to learn that Trump is not among  the 3 richest Presidents.
 Did you hear about that Instagram post about that student In Texas? Yes, and apparently white supremacist incidents are on the increase.
 hi how are you doing today? What do you think of the presidency? It is very depressing
 What do you think about Amys brother and his using the funds of his mom for himslef I think that was a terrible thing he did.  He should be ashamed of himself.
 Do you like Orchestras ? Carlos Miguel Prieto made the conductor of the year I don't really unless it is accompanied by dance. his performance seemed like it was going to be a defeat but suddenly became delightful
 Hey there my friend! Do you like dogs by the way, we used to have a dog Yeah, they are cool but they are a lot of work so I don't have one.
 Did You know that there are 12 different blood types that a dog may have, and dogs can donate blood at dog blood drives ? No i did not!  It's really cool, that Google is a dog company!
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of dogs? Yeah I love dogs.
 Hi there! What kind of performance art do you enjoy for entertainment? I love going to a good concert. HI, I love a good concert.  I've seen lots of rock over the years but I regret missing the Ramones, even though I was living in San Francisco when they were here. Out of 2,263, I missed them all
 Hey there.  Have you heard about the National Symphony Orchestra's new conductor Carlos Miguel Prieto? I have not heard of him, who is he?
 Hi! Are you a fan of opera? Hi!  I don't know much about it.  Do you like opera?
 Do you like to go to concerts? I do, what about you? I just love live music
 hey did you know that the drive through was only invented in 1975? It seems like that wasn't too long ago wow more than 40 years and we still use them, I wonder when the first car was created.
 Have you ever watched The Flash on The CW? Hey, Yes I have. It is one of my favorite shows.
 Hi, do you enjoy reading? I do enjoy a good book.  I have to say though, Enders game is not something I recommend.
 Good morning. Do you like horror films? Hi, I do! Even though I find some to be too scary. I would say I enjoy a thriller horror more then something that is crazy gory.
 Good morning. Do you watch much drama? I think it's very unique because it's almost considered a genre of poetry. I do, some of my favorite shows are drama, do you like it?
 Do you like to watch TV? Yes, I heard Riverdale did a musical episode recently, I don't watch that show but I did see the Scrubs episode
 Are you a Tom Brady fan? Not really, but I certainly respect his talent.
 Hi, how are you? I can't believe that over a 17 year span, Tom Brady has been such a dynamic player in the NFL.
 I think top athletes like Tom Brady need to be protective of their training methods so they can keep their competitive advantage. Yes Tom Brady has shocked us all with his training
 Do you think we could use lotteries today for elections? No, I think it's fine the way it is.  I'm not sure I like the way delegates are used.  
 Do you like to watch television much? I used to watch comedy shows a lot, but I think I watch most stuff on YouTube now. How about you? Yes, I watch TV, I like the Simpsons, Family Guy, and South Park the most.
 hello,  did you know that the President's guest house is bigger than the white house?  lol  Speaking of presidents, the only one with a phd is woodrow wilson.  I wonder what it is in?
 How's it going? Do you watch much tv? Apparently there is only one episode of the simpsons without bart in it I like watching TV, I sometime watch the simpson. I didn't know I though bart play in all the episodes.
 Hi, politics, am I right? It is a interesting subject
 Hi!  Do you follow politics? I prefer not to, as it depresses me. And you?
 Presidential trivia can be quite fascinating. Do you feel the same? I do like some Presidential trivia.  Woodrow Wilson had a phd.
 Do you like to drive? Hello,  yes I do,  how about yourself?
 Good morning!  It's snowing where I am and need to start clearing stuff off the car, and hope the roads won't be too bad. Yeah car and snow don't go well together, if you don't slide away, it will rust away. 
 Good morning! How are you today? Doing great! Did you know that Google's self-driving cars have an aggressive mode? HAHA
 Do you have a twitter account?  I don't, do you? 
 School shootings are so upsetting. it is an unspeakable act
 Do you like music? I love music specially the guitar
 What do you think about Ryans message on fathers day? I think he made a mistake. What was his message?
 Hey there! Would you like to talk about Trump a bit? Sure, I would love to. 
 hey there, do you like fish? Hello there, yeah I am a big fish lover.  How about yourself?
 Do you prefer siri or alexa? I like Siri, only because that's what I used to.  What about you?
 Hello there, are you a fan of Hillary Clinton? Hi, while I wouldn't say I am her biggest fan I would say she did a good job as Secretary of State, and as a senator.
 Do you follow the president? Yes.  I follow politics to a degree.  So that would be our president.
 hey there, do you know much about presidents? Not an enormous amount, but my teenager is a history buff, so I've been learning. Did you know the only pres to have a PhD was Woodrow Wilson?
 Hi how are you doing? The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson That's surprising JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents, I figured there were more wealthy ex presidents than him
 Good Morning! Do you like the keep up with current events? Good morning. I do. What about you? 
 Did you hear that an adult-film star was reportedly paid to stay silent about a sexual relationship with Trump before he was president? Yes. And more than just one. Apparently "about 100 women" were also "taken care of." Sounds pretty sketchy. What do you think?
 So I was reading about politics the other day, and did you know that President is actually a very common title for the head of state.  It isn't used exclusively in the US. Hello there, yeah I have heard that before.  Do you know anything interesting about any other presidents around the world?
 I think it is very strange that the senate has a candy desk.  Yeah that is such a weird tradition.  I wonder what the wildest candy they have ever had in there is?
 Hey did you hear about Trump talking about migrants recently? Not sure, I might have. I don't really pay attention to politics. Too depressing.
 Good afternoon. Wouldn't it be so stressful to be the president? The head of the whole country. I think it would be. You have to appease everyone and that's the toughest job of all. 
 Hi, are you ready to chat? I am. Wondering if you know who Drake, the Canadian rapper is? Also know as Aubrey Drake Graham.
 What do you think about the case Stormy Daniels has against Trump? I don't know, but Trump says it is a total con job though. Tough to know who is truthful.
 hi how are you? do you like to dance? I do but I am not great! Did you know Tupac danced ballet in high school?
 Hello, I'm reading about a 2 year old who met Michelle Obama after a photo of her viewing Michelle Obama's portrait went viral. oh that was so heartwarming to see actually. nice of her to meet the little girl
 Do you like to dance?  me? no i do not. i am a terrible dancer. the world is better off if i dont dance.
 Do you like to dance? hi how are you?
 Do you like cars? I do like cars, somehow its illegal to warm your car in Ohio apparently
 Have you seen the show The Romanoffs? I have not, I didn't realize it existed!  Have you seen it?
 Hello!  How you doing?  Did you know that up until 1805 the runner up in a President race would become the vice president?  Can't imagine all the fighting and jealousy THAT would have caused! I'm great how are you! Oh I'm sure I couldn't believe that either. The Vice President probably always prayed something would happen to the president haha.
 Hello, Do you enjoy using the internet? Yes, I am on the Internet all day, every day.  I just learned something new.  Did you know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button?  How cool is that?
 hey there do you have a car? I do have a car that I absolutely love. It is a Toyota 4Runner. I can't imagine what I'd do without my car.
 Good morning, do you used Facebook? good morning! i do sometimes to keep in touch with friends. do you?
 Hi, do you like reading? Good morning.  Yes, I love to read!  How about you?
 Do you like to eat McDonald's? Not anymore. My diet has become a bit cleaner over the years, but I logged in a lot of time in the McDonalds drive through in my younger days.
 do you like cars? I sure do. Do you know how the drive thru came about?
 McDonald's started the drive-thru when they wanted soldiers to be able to get their food, soldiers weren't aloud out of their vehicles while wearing their fatigues! Good idea to help those who can't leave! 
 Good morning Good morning. I was schocked to know that 1886 is regarded as the birth year of the modern car when German inventor Karl Benz patented his Benz Patent-Motorwagen. I thought it was Ford
 Do you like to go to the library? I love going to the library, though I tend to borrow things that have digital copies nowadays. It's a relief to me to find out that over half the adults in the US have library cards
 Thats really sad that California has had so many fires the last few years,  has it effected you at all? Not at all, since I don't live anywere near there. How about you?
 Well Lena Dunham has a history of interesting comments doesn't she? It doesnt seem that she does. Do you use the internet much? 
 Do you like entertainment? Yes, I love it. Did you know that Ronald Reagan was once rejected for a role because he didn't look Presidential?
 Hello, do you use the internet much? I know thats an obvious question considering the time and age we are on I do for sure, it's an amazing invention, definitely progressed civilization so much. It's crazy to think that it all began commercially in the early 1990s@
 I can't imagine how we used to live without the Internet.  I started using it in the 90's but before then we had nothing!  We had phones, which was virtual reality enough for some. But I get what you're saying. Today that WAS like NOTHING compared to WWW reach and its entertainment options. Right?
 Did you watch Johnny English Strikes Again? Is that the film with Mr. Bean?
 Johnny English Strikes Again was a really funny movie, do you agree I haven't seen it. What is it about?
 do you like horror movies? Yes somewhat. how about you?
 Are you a fan of horror films?  Not really. I have an over active imagination so they are too scary for me. 
 Hello,  how are you?  do you like horror films?Stephen king was terrified as a child when he saw the movie bambi, calling it the first horror movie he saw.  Yes, and Disney movies can be really scary!  ET was originally scripted as a horror film
 Good afternoon!! How do you feel about watching drama films on tv or in the movie theater? Hello. I like watching drama, but I like horror better. What about you?
 Hello! Did you hear about Burger King's latest promotion? Burger King? Is it something about a Whopper?
 Do you like basketball? I sure do. Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Hello, do you like basketball? I like to watch it, but I'm not good at it myself. What about you?
 do you like basketball? I love it and watch it a lot and you?
 did you know that there is potential proof of life on a moon of saturn? It would be life based on methane which is crazy! Wow, that is interesting! I know there has to be other life out there! Did you know moon dust can cut through kevlar? Amazing, I love the planets :)
 Hello! Are you a big fan of music at all? I love music! I love listening and playing music. Do you play any instruments?
 do you like Pink Floyd? Apparently Dark Side of the Moon is still a top selling record even after it's been out for forty years! I feel that they are quite innovative and great artists. Their guitarist even turned a grand houseboat into a floating recording studio
 Do you like basketball? Basketball is alright but I've never played it or watched it other than on tv.
 Hi, how are you? hi im good how are you, did you know that Mars' moon Phobos is about a third hollow? Like how is that possible that seems weird
 What kind of TV shows do you watch?? I like to watch animated tv shows like the Simpsons, what about you?
 I learned some interesting things about phones Oh yeah, tell me about it.  I love interesting facts
 Hello!  Do you watch much television?  I tune into some shows on occasion that I like!   Every now and then.  I like to watch The Voice.  
 Are you a fan of the nba? Not really but they are something of an American tradition.  They've been around since August of 1949.
 Do you watch tv often? I do sometimes. I like watching sports, especially baseball. 
 Do you watch basketball at all? Hi! I love basketball as a matter of fact but can't believe the highest paid state employees in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches. Do you watch any basketball?
 Do you ever watch basketball? Not much, how about you? I sometimes listen to rap music. Do you like it?
 Hello.  What kind of entertainment do you like most? I like music, drama and dance. How about you?
 Hello!  Have you ever played the original nintendo system? Yes i did... long time ago!  I actually owned one.
 Hi, did you ever play with a Nintendo? Yes I do. Did you know it only had 54 colors?
 Hello there, are you a fan of the Nintendo system? Hey.  I had one about 30 years ago if that counts lol.  Are you?
 Hello!  Hello! How are you? I just found out that Judge Judy makes $123,000 per episode!
 Do you have a favorite basketball player? Not really one that plays today. I always liked Jordan though.
 The NBA is a professional league in North America consists of 30 team. Wow, what a great thing to know.  The NBA stands for National Basketball Association.  
 Hi! Have you ever played Grant Theft Auto V? I didn't think the character Lacey Jonas resembled Lindsay Lohan! What about you? I have never played that one. I did hear that he sued them over it. 
 Hello,  do you like rap music? I like some of it. I think the history of it is interesting, going back West African praise singing.
 Hi! Who is your favorite celerity? hey well it is not Lindsay Lohan, I'm glad she lost that court case did you hear about that?
 Hi, how are you? Hi! I'm doing great! How are you? Do you like basketball? Did you catch the Lakers game yesterday?
 Its almost time for Manafort to leave the U.S. District Court. I think we're closde to finding if there is any truth to Mueller's accusations of tampering with witnesses. Mueller filed a lot of charges, 98 in total.Trump says that it's a witch hunt.
 hi how are you doing over there on your side of the internet? everything copacetic? Everything is good here, how about you?
 hi, do you know about presidents yes, all countries have presidents.
 Hello did you know the 3 horizontal lines on the menu of internet and app are called a hamburger? Nope, did you know the International space station has faster internet speeds than most American houses?
 Hi, what do you think of spotify? I didn't know they have about 20% of their songs that haven't even been played yet I like the service but, I'm not surprised. Artists don't seem to earn much though. It takes 130,745 plays a day for an artist to earn minimum wage.
 Do you ever use Spotify?  Hello, I do not. Do you?
 Interesting how it said jfk was one of the wealthiest, I would've expected someone like FDR or Donald Trump.  Yes, I think that goes to show how little we truly know about what presidents really are like outside of the oval office. The president of Zimbabwe being named Banana made me laugh though. 
 Hello. What do yo think about racial profiling? I think if you are going to profile, you shouldn't race to do it... I think there is more than just racial profiling. I think there is age profiling and other profiling that goes on. Lets get them all out there. What do you think?
 Hello,  did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? Yeah, I head that.  I wonder how Trump feels about that.  lol
 hi how are you? do you like shirts and hats? Yeah I definitely like clothes. I think it's interesting how many uses hats have, like for protection, ceremonial reasons, religious reasons, safety, and fashion.
 Hello do you watch any tv drama? Yes, I do.  I used to watch House.  Is it still around?
 Harry Styles from One Direction appears to be branching out.  He is producing a sitcom on CBS Thats cool..  do you like drama tv or movies?
 Are you a fan of Harry Styles?  The singer that looks like a younger version of Jim Carey?
 Hello, do you like horror films? Hi, I do. Hard to pick a favorite. I like Steven King a lot though.
 hi how are you doing today?  I am good.  Do you watch movies?
 Hello! How are you today? I am doing great, how about yourself? Do you like watching horror films?
 If given the opportunity, would you become president?   I don't think so.... although you can get rich like JFK
 Did you know there is a Canadian NBA team? I'd have to think for a moment or two, but no I didn't. Wait a sec, doesn't Toronto have a National Basketball Association team?
 Hi, do you like to watch basketball? Hello, yes I enjoy watching a few games. How about yourself?
 Hello! Hi!  Are you a fan of comedies?
 Do you enjoy the NBA? No, I sincerely do not. I do enjoy College Basketball though! 
 Hello there, are you a fan of Lebron James? Hi, how are you? I do like Lebron.
 Are you familiar with basketball and the NBA? I have heard of this game called basketball and of the league called the NBA. Have you seen the tall men that play the game? They are tall indeed.
 Hey there, how is it going? hey I'm good, did you ever see space jam as a kid? I guess they're making a sequel with lebron james!
 do you like the NBA? I sure do. Do you know how many teams are in it?
 Hi. Are you interested in politics? I have some interest in politics.  But I love the absurd much more.  What do you have in an extra goofy president, size X large?
 hi, do you like the nba? I do, though I do not have enough time to watch. How about you?
 Hi, how are you today? I am well, thanks!  Are you a fan of the NBA?
 hey did you watch the State of the Union address? No I have not. Did anything interesting happen that I should know?
 Hi, have you seen Crazy Rich Asians? Is that the movie by Warner Brothers? 
 Hi Do you like comedies? I love comedies!  
 Hello there, do you follow the NBA at all? Hi, how are you? Sometimes I follow the NBA. 
 hi, do you watch the NBA? Hi! Yes I'm excited for March Madness. I don't have a favorite team though, do you?
 What do you think about the president? Do you think that he should create a pop album like the president of Indonesia Not a fan personally but that would be worth listening to at least once. I think I would have chosen the "none of these candidates" option if I lived in Nevada.
 Hey, do you like basketball? Not very much, although sometimes player like Lebron James are in the news and are pretty entertaining.
 Hello! Are you excited for March Madness next month? I love it every year!  My son went to Kansas and I went to Oklahoma.  Kansas is not as strong as in recent years.
 hi, do you watch nba? I do like the NBA, one of my favorite teams are the Cavaliers do you follow the sport?
 Hello.  Do you like to travel?  Did you know that the first king to travel around the world was the king of hawaii? I love to travel, mostly because I love coming home. I didn't know that about the king of Hawaii. I didn't actually know Hawaii had a king. But I did know that many people in Iceland who don't have cars travel by airplane, since there isn't a rail system. It seems kind of wasteful to me.
 Good morning. Are you a fan of the NBA. Hi there. Yes I am. I love the NBA. I wish there were more than 30 teams though!
 Hi do you like the NBA? Hi, do you like the NBA?
 Are you a fan of the NBA?  Yes, and you? Love the NBA!
 Have you been thinking about the NBA lately? Honestly, no not really interested once baseball season is over. I thought this was an interesting fact: Judge judy makes $123,000 per episode, making her the highest paid celebrity only after lebron james.
 Are you a fan of the NBA? Hi, Yes. The Lakers are my favorite team. You?
 Hello - how are you? good morning, I'm doing just great. having my morning coffee. how about yourself?
 Have you watched the Fow News channel before? not that much actually. how about you? i know they are one of the biggest news channels out there
 Good Morning! Do you watch Fox news? No I don't watch any new networks but I read about them. Looks like Fox wants to make programming for their "superfans"
 Hi.  So, what do you think of Sean Hannity of Fox News? Hello there, I'm not too sure I never really watched him but know he's been around a while.  How about you?
 Hey you like to travel? I personally love it. I would love to go to Iceland but was bummed out to hear about the absence of public transport. I love to travel!!  I heard about that. Kind of like on Mackinac Island where you have to travel by bike or horse drawn carriage. Pretty cool.
 hey did you know our sun is really white and only appears yellow from our atmosphere? No, I didn't know that. I did know that it's bigger than 100 times the Earth's size, though
 Do you happen to enjoy traveling? Of course! I really want to travel to Japan or Iceland but Iceland seems difficult if it doesn't have public transportation systems, I have to fly domestic flights in between major towns. Do you enjoy traveling?
 Hi, how are you doing, tonight? Great how about yourself?  Do you have any favorite albums?
 hi how are you? do you like the Sun? I am well.  Yes I do actually.  Did you know it is white and not yellow?
 Hello! Do you like to listen to music? I do.  I feel like I am listening all the time.
 How's it going? Did you know the prime minister of Australia isn't in the constitution and exists through custom? wow i did not know that. I did hear you get a silver cup when you turn 100 in Japan. 
 Hey there! What are your thoughts about this election season so far? What election season?  The US?  Too soon to tell, but I do like voting by the people.
 Hello, I really found the first article interesting about the headlines that institute lasting change or real change, and it is just a silly story. agree.  clickbait for sure.  They will put any headline to get your attention.  i never clock on them though.
 hi how are you? do you like to travel? I love to travel, I have to do it at least once in a year
 Hello,I was just thinking about the golden globe awards.Did you happen to watch the awards? I didn't watch it, I usually just catch the highlights later the next day.
 Hello! Do you like watching movies? yes, i love watching movies. you?
 Hello, do you like to travel? Yes I do like to travel.  I'm from Michigan, have you ever been to Mackinac Island?
 Hey! Do you have interest in politics? Not really, I barely follow it. What about you? 
 Did you know Tom cruise threatened Tom Kruse, the inventor of the Hoveround over the usage of his name? Interesting, lets talk more about Tom Cruise. He is an actor and a producer who was born in 1962. He started his career at the age of 19.
 How's it going, did you know in most systems a Prime Minister is the presiding member and chairman of the cabinet? I didn't know that. I didn't know either that Armenias Parliament recently rejected the new prime minister of their country, that seems really scary
 Hello there, are you a fan of Tom Cruise, or at least his films? I've seen many of his films! He's a real Hollywood success.. Tom Cruise threatened Tom Kruse, the inventor of the Hoveround, Seems shallow.
 Hi there! Do you have any interest in rap/hip hop history? I just read that Tupac's music is in the library of congress due to is cultural significance Hello! Sorry I took so long, I was reading. I have no interest in rap history but I suppose we'll talk about it anyway!
 Hello. Do you enjoy rap music?  Hey yes I definitely enjoy rap music a it incorporates so many things and can be performed in a variety of ways.
 hello!so do you like rap music? Or Cardi B? I do like rap music, I heard Cardi B is pregnant, 
 Why do I need to know about Cardi B being pregnant? lol guess what i was laughing out loud listening to my 7 year old daughter telling her friend Crdi B sings so fast so she can fish the song faster lol its all show biz 
 There's so much that happens in politics and the news that I can't keep up. Have you heard any of the recent details about the Mueller investigation? no not really, is there a recent development?
 Good afternoon!! How often do you watch Netflix? I watch it so much! Every night before bedtime,how about you?
 Hello Lets talk about the President. The president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums all while in office.  That's pretty crazy, could you imagine if our President did that?
 Hello!  Do you watch Netflix? Hello. I do watch Netflix. What about you?
 Hi! Are you a Netflix subscriber?  I am! I'm one of Netflix's 137 million total subscribers worldwide. Are you a Netflix subscriber?
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Are you into Netflix? Hey there I do watch Netflix from time to time. Have you ever seen the show bandersnatch? That's what I watched most recently
 I know a lot of people are afraid of snakes but I like them. How about you? I'm one of the ones scared of them!
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing okay. I know a lot of people are afraid of snakes but I like them. Do you find snakes interesting?
 Good morning. Do you follow politics? It is difficult to keep up with Trumps cabinet as they keep resigning. Hello there. Yes it is hard to keep track. It has been interesting learning about the new acting attorney general.
 Are you a fan of Trump? Not at all, you?
 Hi, how are you doing? Do you use Facebook? Hi, I do use facebook. It's crazy to me that it's been around since 2004. It seems like much longer for some reason.
 Are you a big drinker at all? On occasion I can be, how about you?
 do you like mcdonalds? they added the drive thru for soldiers who weren't allowed out of their cars in fatigues Hi, Yes, I like McDonalds and that was very smart of them to start something like that, it made them a lot of money. We've come a long way, baby as far as cars are concerned.  One of the first cars we had was the Model T.
 The science discoveries about our solar system and the universe in general is amazing. I was a young boy when sputnik was launched and now look at the knowledge we have obtained. Yes. It is amazing. The amount of technology that we have and the speed in which we are obtaining it blows ones mind. I still don't understand how half of the stuff that we have now a days even works.
 Hey, are you a Trump fan? Hi! That is a hard question. I think he's arrogant and a jerk but I do like some of his ideas. Are you?
 Are you a fan of the NFL? I am. Are you?
 Do you enjoy boxing? Would you pay to watch youtubers box? I do love Youtube,  but I wouldnt pay for that.  Would you?  
 Hello - how are you today? Great. Did you check out the Super Bowl?
 Hi there! Not sure about you but I like Presidential facts. Did you know the top three wealthiest presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. Hi, that is really surprising that Trump is not among them. I guess this is adjusted for inflation? I know the presidents guest house is larger then the white house. I learned that on a tour but never actually went in the guest house.
 Hello, do you watch the NFL? Only enough to know that Disney offers people 30K to say "Im going to Disney World", lol
 Do you like football, I love the NFL, 17 weeks of action, I don't like long seasons. I don't really watch football, it seems like a waste of a few hours since the average game has only 11 minutes of live play.
 Did you watch the Logan Paul boxing match? No, I did not know about that fight
 hello Hi, how are you? What would you like to chat about?
 Do you watch NFL football?  I do, do you?
 Hello, are you interested particularly in politics? Here and there! I do keep up with it! Although I don't know what to think of Regan's suggestion he could envision a limited nuclear war, even if it was she's ago! What about you?
 do you like the NFL? Yes I do. Did you know that women can play too?
 do you watch the NFL? A lot actually,. Did you hear they are putting chips on the players to track them ?
 Hello!  Have any thoughts on Kim Jong Un the current leader of North Korea? many thoughts, he has edited pictures to change how history is shown just like other communist leaders have done
 Hi there ! Are You a music fan ? I am.  I still buy compact discs instead of downloading songs
 Do you have a favorite album? I loved Hybrid Theory by Linkin Park
 Hello, are you a music fan? I love Linkin Park, and their "Hybrid Theory" album is still the best selling of this century. Yeah I love Linkin Park as well, its just too bad Chester is dead now so even if they make more music is definitely wont be the same. 
 Do you like Linkin Park?  Its one of my favorite bands, yeah, do you like them?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) It seems like people are revolting all around the world lately.
 Hello,  did you know ny area code is 212 because its the easiest to dial on the rotarty? Yes, they were lucky to get it. I'm surprised they didn't use 112!
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Hi, how are you today?
 Do you watch the NBA at all? I do from time to time! How about you?
 hey there do you use a phone or cellphone Yes absolutely,  daily.  do you?
 Hi, how are you?  Good, Do you like to read?
 Hey there. I am not a big fan of Facebook. I can see some upside for people at times. I can see the positive and the negative of it. I remember when it was just used for Ivy League schools in 2004.
 Hello. Do you use facebook?  It was started this month back in 2004. of course I do, Myspace didn't accept the offer the by Facebook for 75 millon dollars in 2005
 How's it going? Did you know security researchers found a critical flaw in some email programs that safeguard emails? Hello - going great - what about you? 
 i hear some email apps could be exposing encrypted messages Oh really? I'm using Thunderbird, so I wonder if that puts me at risk.
 hi how are you? do you use facebook? Constantly. Hard to believe it began at colleges.
 Did you ever hear about the Burger King deal to get a whopper? All you had to do was unfriend 10 people and youd get one for free! That sounds like a lot of trouble to me!  Which platform was that?
 hi , do you use your phone much? Hello,  yes I use my mobile phone a lot,  never use my house phone though,  how about you?
 Did You know that a single google search requires more computing power than it took to send neil armstrong and eleven other astronauts to the moon ? No, I didn't know that, I really don't see how is that possible.
 Did you know that facebook's like button is illegal in part of germany? what? really?
 Have you been to Key West? The person who transformed it into a tourist destination just died. It used to just be a remote naval outpost Dang, that is sad to hear, how old were they?
 Do you like cars?  Interested in them though not really knowledgeable.  Love them for the ability to go through drive-thu. :-)
 Did you hear about the police officer who shot the guy Leonard Thomas? No, where did it happen?
 Do you like to follow celebrities? Did you know that Carol Burnett was the first celebrity on Sesame Street? I don't follow celebrities and did not know that.  i was surprised to learn recently though that Judge Judy is the second highest paid celebrity.
 do you like cars? I love cars. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?
 Hello, have you ever been to Key west? I have been there for baseball spring training. I read about David Wolkowsky when I was there.
 I learned recently that Mcdonalds' added the drive-thru for soldiers who couldn't get out of their cars wearing fatigues. Thats very nice of them,  and to think now we can all benefit from it.  I love the drive thru.  Not just at mc donalds,  but like walgreens and cvs too. 
 Good morning. How cool are fish? They don't even have any limbs or digits. Fish are weird, lol. Especially the one that lives on land it's adult life, how is that even considered a fish?
 Good morning! How cool and fascinating are fish?!  Good morning. I love fish. What about you?
 Do you like fish ?  Oh yeah I love fish! The black swallower is really cool because it can eat pray twice its own length and 10 times its weight.
 Hi, do you know much about the presidents? Some. My favorite President was Ronald Reagan, who was revered by republicans yet started out as a democrat.
 Good Morning! Do you have a facebook account? Yes I do have a Facebook account. I mostly just use it for remembering birthdays though haha what about you
 Just was watching Fox News.  they were talking about the border wall that Trump wants to build.  They are watched more than MSNBC and CNN combined. I believe it! Fox is nationwide. Isn't it crazy that they feel they have the power to sue the Simpsons for parodys of the anti-democratic party agenda? Isn't that feedom of speech?
 Hello, do you like to travel? II enjoy learrning about distant lands a far away places, but I do not enjoy th e act of traveling itself. I would enjoy it of somebody took my gnome statue with them n their next rip as long as they brought it back with pictures.
 I didn't expect Facebook was going to valued at $104 billion Yeah, it is pretty crazy. What about My Space passing up on a chance to buy it at 75 million. I bet they wish they would have now.
 hello, do you know much about the government? hi, yes I know some  stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?
 Hi there, do you like to travel? It depends on if it's for pleasure or a rushed business trip.  Did you know that the Olympics actually serve to divide rather than unite?  Sad. 
 Hello! Do you like to travel? I do like to travel. Air travel is up to 10% slower than it was in the 1960's in order to save on fuel costs.
 Do you use Facebook or myspace ? Hello, yes I use Facebook which was started by Mark Zuckerburg back in 2004
 hey there do you watch Netflix? I don't have them personally I use a friend's account.  Does anyone actually use their own?  I just love all their original content - 126 original series and films in 2016 alone!
 Pretty crazy the Orson Welles and Ernest Hemingway got in a fight. Yeah that's crazy. I heard his last film was saved by Netflix. Did you know they have a movie that is nothing but a long video of a fireplace?
 Orson Welles unfinished film  that will be finished will not be watched by me. Really?  I think it's so interesting that someone else finished it. Plus I watch a ton on Netflix where it will be on
 Do you know where the headquarters of Netflix is located? Hello - I do not. Where is it located?
 Some people love Texas.  I was born there but moved when I was young.  I guess the pol Beto is pretty controversial.  Who is this Beto person? Is he a politician?
 Who did Kanye West speak with at MSNBC? I believe that it is Andrea Mitchell.
 Hello.  Do you like outer space?   Hi. Outer space as in the universe beyond Earth?
 I'm worried that there is actually something wrong with Kanye West. He seems a  bit unstable lately.  He has always been quite the interesting character. That's for sure. He has some great songs. Do you like any of his music?
 Good morning! It does seem like a good time to wear pants/trousers today I think most situations are a good time to wear trousers. The difference between pants and trousers here in the US and UK is interesting since the US was once part of the UK.
 What a scene it was, President Trump and Kanye West. I know for real.  I cant imagine two less compatible people.
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like comedy? Bill murray thinks kung fu hustle is "the supreme achievement of the modern age in terms of comedy". Hi, I'm good. Yes, I love comedy actually. Right, that caught my attention too!
 Do you like comedy films? Hell yes I enjoy watching comedy films!  Do you have any favorites?
 Hi, do you follow government? I do somewhat. Did you know that the government has shut down 17 times over the past 37 years?
 Have you heard of Wikileaks?  Yes, I am very interested in them and the secrets that they tell the public.
 Hi, do you use Youtube? i do, almost every day. do you?
 Did you hear about the new face of fake news on you-tube Salah Salem? No please tell me what happened I want to know all the details lol
 Everything nowadays is fake news, if you don't like something just yell fake news. lol Yes.  Wikileaks published the governments plans to destroy wikileaks.  Not sure if that's fake news. lol
 Hi.  What do you want to talk about? Hello there, are you a big comedy fan?
 Have you watched the show hosted by Murphy Brown? I did not watch it before,but now I'm curious, because it looks there is a reunion of the cast!!
 Hi, how are you doing today? Good. How are you? i was just reading about horror films.
 Are you a James Bond fan?  Idris Elba is saying he could be the next James Bond... I am a general TV fan. I do like music.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you?
 Hi, how are you? Are you a film fan? Pretty good and yourself? Yeah I love movies.
 is it ok to rap? i dont listen to rap, but it is just words. I do not rap either. It is also known as rhyming, spitting, emceeing, or MCing
 hi.  do you like science I do! I am a scientist by profession.
 do you like horror movies? Some of them. Did you know that Inception was supposed to be a horror movie?
 do you know much about the sun? I know that it is white but we see it as yellow
 Hello did you kow the sun is actually white Yes, if you view the sun from the moon, it is white. there is no atmosphere on the moon. we get it as yellow here.
 Hello there, do you like music? Hi there I do like music. I like most everything except country. What about you?
 hi do you know much about the sun? Hi there, I know some stuff like it is white but we see it as yellow
 I just don't understand the fascination with the bachelor. Do you watch it? No I don't and I agree, I don't understand it either.  The show is crazy. I think I heard that in one episode the women were allowed to crash cars into each other.
 Hi, do you want to chat about cars, fantasy, or reading? Well let's chat about the bachelor. Have you ever watched that show?
 Do you follow the show The Bachelor? i dont. is that about a guy and a dozen women who try to win his heart?
 Hello how are you doing? Baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically able to play for their teams if the need arises That makes sense. I would find it interesting to see that happen. Did you know there was a 17 year old female pitcher was banned from professional baseball after she struck out babe ruth and lou gehrig in succession.
 Hi are you a baseball fan? Hi, I do like to watch some games every now and then.  You know, I always wondered why the managers wear uniforms. 
 Hi do you watch baseball? I do sometimes. Do you know who the Albuquerque isotopes are named after?
 Do you remember Keith Hernandez playing for Mets? I do not, Apparently he's wrote an article?
 Surprisingly, baseball managers wear uniforms because they are technically allowed to play for their team if the need arises. I think that's a holdover from an era when one of the players was chosen to manage. I'd love to see an all star game with just managers from each teams playing each other.
 Hi. Hope you are having a great day. Do you know the baseball player Keith Hernandez? Hello,  no I dont,  but I have read about him.  I like baseball but I dont really follow it.  did you know baseball managers can technically play if needed?
 Are you a MLB fan? Yes I am a big red sox fan what is your favorite team?
 do you like baseball? Yes I sure do. Do you know why the managers wear uniforms?
 Do you ever watch the World Series? Hello there, I usually watch some of it, my team has never been in it since I have been alive, they almost did this year though.  How about you?
 How are you today? Do you like watching television? I do. I really like That 70s show but apparently the UK did not. They created the same show verbatim but it was cancelled after 10 episodes.
 Do you watch Westworld?  Nope, I've never watched it. What is it about?
 Do you watch a lot of TV. I watch a whole lot of it.  Hello - I don't watch a lot of TV. I just watch a few series with my wife.
 hi, do you watch tv? I do. There have been a lot of horror movies on lately for some reason. Do you like horror?
 Hello,  do you watch tv? I do like some tv.  I remember growing up with a black and white tv.
 Hey there how could you watch television? I like to watch The Simpsons I love the Simpsons too. Did you know there was an episode where Bart did not appear?
 Have you heard of Johnny Weird and Tara Lipinski?  I guess they were in the Olympics right? I don't know why they're important though. Do you know anymore? I think they're figure skaters though
 Hello, how are you? Do you Facebook much? Good Evening!  Doing well,.thanks!  I have a Facebook account/profile, but I don't keep up with it as much as I used to - you?
 Did You see Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey? I have not seen it in its entirety, but I have seen clips.  It looks intriguing.
 Hey there have you ever seen the movie 2001 A Space Odyssey? Yes and I loved it. What about you? It's so hard to fathom people streamed out of the world premiere before the film was even over and 241 left early the next night in New York!
 Hi, how are you? Well, and yourself?
 What do you think about the comments Connie Chung made? I don't know. I think it's good that Me Too gives women a voice but I just don't understand how people take decades to do it. Something happened to me a few years ago and I reported it immediately.
 Hello,  did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? I did not know there was a guest house, that is interesting. I wonder what they use it for.
 Do you like to use google as a search engine? I use it all the time. I am even going to use it to learn to sew my own clothes.  Yeah I love Google. A single search requires more computing power that it took to send Neil Armstrong and 11 other astronauts the moon!
 did you kow the story behind new york's area code? I did not know but what is behind this area code?
 Its crazy how much computing power an Iphone has. Yeah I'm amazed by technology these days, the Android Phone being used to gauge traffic? That's so interesting
 Hi! Can you believe Trump isn't the wealthiest president of all time. In fact, he isn't even top three? That title belongs to Washington, Jefferson and JFK! I guess it makes sense if you adjust for inflation. Woodrow Wilson was the only President with a PhD
 Have you ever used a Rotary phone?  I used one a long time ago. my grandma had one, you?
 Hi how are you? I'm good, how are you? 
 Could you live without the internet? Yes, i guess i could. i was around before the internet was so big. i would have trouble without computers though.
 new yorks area code is 212 because its the fastest to dial on a rotary phone  Thats interesting Ive always wondered why 212 it seems kind of random
 What do you know about google? I just learned that one google search takes more computing power than for neil armstrong and the other astronauts to go to the moon. Is Google your search engine of choice?
 Do you know about the situation from the Supreme Court? I have read about it.  Do you know much about Google?  I hear google is a dog company!
 Hi!  Do you frequently read advice columns, like Ask Amy? no I have never read advice columns it seems like we are looking into someones life.
 Do you go anywhere for Thanksgiving? No, but according to AAA, about 54 million people did, mostly by car.
 Good Afternoon! You as well!
 Hey, a fan of horror films? Yea, I like the ones with ghosts, demons, monsters, and zombies. How about you?
 Hey! Hope you're having a great day.  Travelling on a bus that goes 160mph would be really cool Yeah it would.  How are you going today.
 Hi, how are you? Hi! Hope you're doing well! Do you like to travel? I can't wait to one day ride the commuter bus that can travel at 160mph speeds the Dutch are creating!
 Hi. Do you like to travel? And whats your favorite mode? I like car trips I love to travel I like to travel by car or train, I love to watch the landscape, nature as I go by
 Wayne Rooney is a legend and I bet he will change things for the MLS Yes I was excited for the DC United when he joined their team
 Hi, how are you? Good! Kavanaugh is in the news again.
 Hello, do you watch a lot of television? I watch a little tv.  What about you?
 Hi. Do you watch much TV? I watch some.  I used to watch the Simpsons.  They were pretty funny.  How about you?
 Hello, are you a Hockey fan?  I sure am.  Did youninow that an average professional hockey player will lose up to 8 lbs in a single game? not really, but i do watch the playoffs if the Boston Bruins are in.  I wonder who the player traded in 1993 for $1 was?
 I wonder which Simpsons episode it is where Bart isn't involved at all. I can't remember but I would like to find it. I know there is only one
 do you like hockey? I do like hockey! How about you?
 Do you like hocky or follow the NHL? I don't know much about hockey. Are you a fan yourself?
 Good Morning.  It's snowing here currently.  Good hockey weather, where two teams play against each other trying to score goals with a puck and hockey stick. yep. this is good hockey weather.
 Do you like to watch TV? Good morning, yes, I watch a little tv.  How about you?
 Hi there. You follow that Larry Nassar case? I do not like him. Yes I agree with you. I'm glad that judge Rosemarie aquilina is being harsh with him. He deserves it, I'm glad that 150 women and girls were able to deliver their statements and that he had to hear them all
 hi how are you this evening? I'm great! Just watching a little TV to end the night.
 Hello, are you big on television? I'm big everywhere! What about you?
 do you like tv? I sure do . DO you like the simpsons?
 Do you remember Elvis Presley? I remember him, but wasn't alive during his era.  How about you, are you a fan?
 Hi, i don't see any other textboxes but am ready to discuss the issues. Hello,  do you watch tv>?
 I watch a lot of TV. How about you? I watch an average amount
 Hi!  Have you watched anything good on Netflix lately? I just watched Lilyhammer. It was the first original Netflix series. How about you?
 do you watch netflix? All the time. Have you seen their movie Fireplace for your home?
 Do you watch the Victoria Secret fashion show?  No, I don't usually watch, how about you?
 hey do you like Fantasy movies at all? Like Lord of the Rings, etc? Hi, I do! but I prefer fantasy books over movies. That way you can use your imagination. There is actually a univerity where you can study fantasy literature. I'd love to go there. 
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I am good thanks. Do you watch Netflix?
 Do you watch netflix?  Yea, it's crazy how far netflix has come since being founded in 1997
 Did you watch the Victoria Secret fashion show? I did I really enjoy watching it, How about you?
 Hello! How are you? Hi there! I'm good how are you? Are you a basketball fan at all?
 Good afternoon. Did you see inside LeBron's new mansion. No, I did not. I heard it was $23 million dollars.
 Did you know that Bruce Lee was also a dancer?  I didn't know that!  What kind of dancing did he do?
 Hello Hello, who was your favorite US president?>
 Top of the morning to you. What are your thoughts on dance? I think it is a beautiful form of human movement. I like to dance after a few drinks in me, I turn into a natural Michael Jackson! How about you
 Good afternoon! How are you today? I am thinking with the nice weather I might venture out to the library. Hi!  I love going to the library! 
 hey did you know that Bruce Lee was a talented dancer and won some dancing competitions? I wish I could have danced with him.  That would have been amazing.  Dancing with Michael Jackson would have been cool too especially if he let me use his patented lean device!
 Do you still use a library?  I do and I love it. I have been there less and less, I have just purchased a lot of books recently
 Hi, do you like Amazon? i have used amazon in the past. i wish i had bought their stock years ago. LOL
 did you know that Bruce lee was a great dancer and won a dancing championship? Bruce was a natural athlete and trained hard at martial arts. I bet dance ability helps with martial arts and vice versa.
 did you know there is an episode of the simpsons that bart is not in and is not mentioned in? I didn't know that. I don't watch much TV, do you?
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Do you like basketball?  ive been reading some interesting facts.  Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records! That's pretty funny! The us supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor known as "the highest court in the land"
 Hi there! Watching a bit of racing today. I love cars! Cars came into global use in the 20th century and developed economies depended on them. Oh nice. Yeah I like cars too. 1886 was considered the birth of the modern car!
 Good morning!  Do you like basketball? Hello there, I do like basketball, how about you?
 Hello do you like basketball? I watch it often, what about you? 
 Is the library one of your favorite places to go to? I used to go to the library when I was younger. Not so much now. How about you?
 Hello, do you like team sports? Most of them, yes. I see that space jam is the highest grossing basketball movie ever. Great movie too!
 Hello! I was readind interesting facts about dancing. did you know that Michael Jackso actually had a patent for a device he used to accomplish that extreme lean he used to do?  Odd!
 Jeff Bezos, is a great CEO, Amazon has become a giant of the industry It truly has.  And to think it started out as an online book store.
 Hi, how are you? Good. Lebron James bout a 16,000 square foot mansion in LA, that must be nice to live in.
 You ever do any dancing?  I'm not much of a dancer myself, although years I took a course in ballroom dancing.  Thought it'd be a good way meet girls and overcome my shyness...  Hi! I love to dance! I was reading that the Maryland's womens basketball team does a dance routine before a game, how cool is that!
 do you watch the NFL? I watch it sometime but I am more into the NBA, and you?
 do you like LeBron? I sure do and he is going to be in the next SPace Jam movie too
 Hello, do you use Amazon? I've thought about working there as a picker but I believe you have to walk between 7 and 15 miles a day!  I do use amazon. I love it. Do you use it or just wanna work there?
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? Hi! I do enjoy both Netflix and YouTube above all else. I'm part of the reason they make up half the peak internet traffic in north America! Ha! What about you?
 Hey there how are you today Im doing great, what about you? do you ever wonder about earth and all the amazing things that involve it!
 Which planet from the sun is the Earth? Hello there, I think it is the third from the sun.  Did you know the earth was formed over 4.5 billion years ago? 
 How's it going? Did you know Amazon was founded back in 1994? I never knew it has been around that long Wow! I didn't either! I do know it's the largest internet retailer on the planet, at least measured by revenue and market capitalization but behind Alibaba in total sales.
 Have you heard of Amazon host cities?  I wonder where they'll go having been kicked out of NYC by a well known politician?  I am not sure. It is crazy how they are expanding so fast.
 Hey!  How much do you know about Earth? Hello. I find that kind of stuff interesting. I like to watch documentaries. Did you know that when the earth was first formed a day was only 5 and half hours long?
 Hey do use Amazon? I have Amazon Prime personally. I love amazon from Basics to eberything else
 Do you know who condoleezza rice is? Yes, Condoleezza Rice is now fixing the NCAA, helping to reform College Basketball.
 Hi, how are you? I am good. I am about to watch space jam. It made lots of money
 Hello Hi.  Looks like basketball is the right choice today.
 Do you enjoy basketball? Yes I am a fan I like baseball too are you a fan 
 Are you a fan of ice hockey? Yes I am, what about you?
 HI how are you? I'm good!  Do you know many facts about the president?
 DId you know that JFK, Washington and Jefferson are the three wealthiest potus of all time hi how are you? yes, i have heard that. trump must be ticked off about that.
 Do you watch basketball, i don't get the chance to anymore. I watch them from time to time on TV.
 Hi!  Are you a fan of baseball? No, but I did read about the NBA as of lately. What about you?
 Hi, do you like the NBA? Hi. I find the game fascinating. There are so many good players. It is really fun to watch since it is such a fast paced game. 
 Do you like the NBA? I do.  In fact I like basketball in general.  Never was much of a player though
 Are you a fan of the NBA?  I am, I'm a big sports fan in general but I do like basketball. Long time Knicks fan here. How about yourself?
 How's it going, DId you know in most of the world hockey refers to field hockey and not ice Hockey? No I didn't know that. So apparently you like you said, there are different types of hockey, what is interesting to me is that Canada has a national sport. One of them is hockey and the other is lacrosse, no one watches lacrosse though LOL
 Hi tucker, what do you think about the us president, do you think he is doing  ok job? I don't know I don't really get involved with politics, but I do know the top 3 richest presidents and apparently Trump isn't one of them which is surprising
 Have you heard about the red mass? Apparently it's a special mass that they hold for the Supreme Court Yes, held in DC at St. Matthew's Cathedral. Seems to have been controversial mass this year. What do you think?
 Hi there. Do you know much about the US Congress? The term originally was used to signify a parley during battle in the Late Middle Ages. That is interesting, considering how the battle rages on today.  An issue before congress is the privatization of the US mail service.  Thoughts?
 Whats up? Have you heard that more than 80% of Earth's forrest's have been destroyed? Yes,  sad. When earth was first formed a day was only 5.5 hours long
 Hi there do you know much about politics? I know some stuff about the senate, like the gavel that Nixon cracked
 Hi, how are you tonight? hi, I'm good. how about you?
 I love all animals and dogs are up there towards the top for me. Do you like dogs? I like dogs. they are loyal companions. plus they dont talk too much.
 do you know much about the congress? I know a little bit about them. Do you know where the term came from?
 Every time a new state is added to the United States, we gain two senators. true but that has been some time. 
 Hi, how are you? Hi, great! 
 Hi there. How often do you wear shirts? I wear them everyday haha Hello,  yes I wear shirts,  very often. 
 Do you like dogs? Me? Sure! I love dogs! By the way, how are you? 
 What entertainment do you like? I am a big fan of movies and music, but most of all sports, and you?
 Do you watch television? Yes I do and remember those cathode ray tubes.  I wasvery little but remember.
 Hi, how are you? Good morning, would you happen to be a Hockey fan?
 Hey. Do you know much about the USA Senate? It is the upper chamber of congress. Hi, how are you? I do not know much about the Senate. It is the upper chamber of Congress, I've heard. 
 hi how are you? do you like dogs? I love dogs.  Well, most of them.  Did you know they have 12 different blood types?
 Are you comfortable talking about government? Hi, how are you? Sure. I will talk about anything.
 Hi there! Do you follow politics? I do, as much as possible. What about you?
 Hello,  did you know the sun is actually white? Hi! I wasn't aware of that but I do know that sunset on Mars is a blue color. I think that would be very interesting to see and beautiful!
 Did you know that the sun is a star at the center of the solar system? I think I knew that... But did yo know that the sun is actually white and only appears yellow because of atmospheric scattering?
 good morning good morning, how are you this fine saturday?
 Hello, how are you. Did you know the sun is the center of the Solar System.  It is nearly a perfect sphere of hot plasma. I was aware of most of that. I knew it appears spherical from where we are but was not sure how uniform it actually was. I do not that it is actually white and is only perceived as being yellow which is interesting. 
 So, how do you feel about shoes? I am not a big shoe fanatic although many of my friends are always talking about these "yeezys" .What about you?
 What kind of shoes do you like? I like my runners a lot, how about you?
 Do you like watching dramas? Hi there, I actually do. I love watching House MD
 Hello, do you like the drama genre?  I do like drama. Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because he wants to only play in movies that generate positivity
 Hi, how are you? Great thanks. I am a huge sneaker head. what about you?
 Hi there! Do you follow Fox News much? I don't really watch it at all? Do you? 
 hi Hi. Have you heard about Charles Krauthammer? He was a journalist, disabled but inspirational to many.
 Do you know which newspaper Charles Krauthammer worked for? He published in teh Washington Post, but also was a fixture on Fox news. I loved CK. He was thoughtful, original, insightful, and concise.  
 Hi, do you watch fox news?  Not really.  Do you?  I like that they thought of having a channel that just played the simpsons though lol
 Have you heard about Charles Krauthammer? Yes I have. I think he wrote articles and also appeared on Fox news from time to time didn't he
 Hello do you watch fox news? Hey I don't have cable, but I have watched Fox News before, I try not to watch news in general though what about you
 Hi there are you a fan of comedies? Yes I do like comedies a lot, apparently sound, when it became big in the 1920's, helped to make sure that the comedy genre took off
 Hi, how are you? Do you feel like chatting? Hi, I'm doing good. Sure what would you like to talk about?
 How often do you listen to rap music? I know that I listen to it only on the weekends I don't really listen to a lot of the newer rap, I hear a lot of the older stuff at my workplace on the weekends as well
 Do you watch a lot of television. I watch far too much.  Haha I don't actually watch that much TV I guess. I do have Netflix but I don't have cable. Have you ever seen South Park?
 hello, how are you? great, yourself?
 do you watch tv? Yes I do. DId you ever see the SImpsons?
 Hi, there. How are you on this fine fine evening? Great! Hope you're doing well! Do you by chance happen to be a fan of Elvis? I am and thinks he deserves the medal of freedom!
 hi how are you tonight? Good, how about you?
 Hi there! Do you like Elvis? Hey I do like Elvis. Interesting that Trump was going to give him the presidential medal of freedom
 Hi do did you watch a lot tv in the 90s? I did! Mainly the Simpsons though, how about you?
 How's it going, did you know the Hebrew bible is known as Tanakh? I did not know that, I guess I never knew what it was called. I just know our bible
 Good morning. Have a beautiful day. By the 2nd century, Jewish groups of people calling the books of the bible the "scriptures"
 Hello, How are you tonight? Do you know the wealthiest presidents in American are JFK, Washington and Jefferson!! No I didn't know that! I was shocked Trump is not on that list though, I was also shocked that the president's guest house is bigger than the White House itself, that doesn't make any sense
 do you like drama? I love it. Did you ever see House MD?
 Hello there! Hi! Do you listen to pop music?
 good morning to you! Hello - good morning to you as well. Did you know Jim Carrey doesn't make dramas anymore because of his belief system?
 I wonder why they were so happy Blake Shelton got blocked on the voice? Oh, hi there.  I don't know, I like Blake.
 I am hooked on facebook - I always seem to be checking out what is happening on there.  Its great for social networking It seems that way, there are so many people in it. DO you know why it is blue?
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm just hanging out watching TV. Do you like TV? Oh, I do not read very much, unless it's online. 
 Hello, how are you? So do you watch The Voice? Im well, I usually only catch updates because of lack of cable but I heard about the new rule.  What do you think of it?
 Do you watch The Voice? Or like country music? I don't watch it but I do know Blake Shelton is on The Voice
 hello,  how are you?  The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day. Damn, that'a a lot.  But that is very little compared to the golf course in Dubai that requires 4 million gallons of water a day.  What a waste.
 Do you like golf? I can't say that I do. I find it very boring to watch, and it's really hard to play haha. What about you?
 Hello hey hows it giong for you today
 Hi Good morning! Did you hear about the squirt gun battle reenactments?
 Are you a big fan of football? Hello,  Not really.  How about you ? Snoop dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team.
 Good morning, do you like watching football? Morning, I do. Lets talk about football. Back in the 1960's bowlers use to make more then football stars 
 Do you watch a lot of television? Hi! I watch some tv how about you? 
 What do you think of the president?  I try not to think of him as much as possible. You?
 Have you seen the White House ? Just in pictures haha, how about you?
 President Trump has been a very polarizing figure in many ways, including how he deals with the media.  Have you been interested in Presidential politics recently or for a long time? I'm always reading up on politics, I know Trump had issues with cnn reporters such as April Ryan
 Hello! How are you! Hi.  Pretty good considering all the drama happening in the White House.  I wonder what Trumps approval rating is.  I know Bill Clinton's approval rating went up after the affair he had with Monica.  
 Good morning!  Do you like McDonalds? Hello, How are you? I try to go by it most of the time. But every once in a while I give in. lol
 Hi, do you like cinematography? Hey!  I love it!  It seems to be a pretty closed off industry though.  No woman has ever been nominated for the best cinematography academy award.
 Do you like to watch tv and movies?  If so, you might find the subject of cinematography to be interesting.  I like to understand the science behind things myself, so I find it all so fascinating. I love cinematography and is interesting the word comes from the greek word kinema which means movement
 Are you a model? Not anymore. I don't usually talk about that phase in my life. You? Do you model?
 hey did you know that Martha Stewart was originally a model in the 60's? Yeah i heard she modeled for Channel. they say the chance of dating a super model are higher than winning the power ball.  
 did you know that The white house has twin buildings in ireland and france ? I wonder what was built first ?
 Do you still happen to still have an antique radio or phone? no, but my parents still do
 Hi How are you doing? Im am doing well.
 Hello! Do you like horror movies? Hello, I love horror movies. What about you?
 hi, do you watch movies? I do, I love horror films the most, what about you?
 Do you like horror films? Not really. Do you like them?  I've heard that watching them can burn calories.
 Hi, do you use Facebook? Hi there! I do, but much less frequently than I used to. I miss the day when it was restricted to college students! That's how it started: just some Harvard kids, then Boston-area schools and the Ivies + Stanford.
 Hey there! Are you a Facebook user? Hey there yes I am. What about you? I never knew that myspace actually turned down an offer to buy Facebook back in 2005
 Do you know about Mark E Smith? I know he died of age 60 what do you know about him?
 Did you hear that Mark E Smith, of the band of the Fall died at age 60? Oh thats too bad, I used to love his music, he sure was a visionary leader.
 Hello, do you like Facebook? I hate it haha. I think we should be like that state in Germany and make it illegal. And I mean all of it!
 Hi, how are you? Hello, I am well thank you. How are you? What do you do for fun?
 Hi there, do you shop online? Yes, i love shopping online, i shop all the time. 
 Hi, do you like basketball? I am not a sports fan but I understand why people find basketball exciting.
 Hi, do you like basketball? Big fan here!  Do you remember Kareem Abdul-Jabbar?
 I love buying from Amazon!  Such good prices and anything imaginable to order.  I can't believe it's already been around for 24 years! I know! I also find Amazon very convenient.  And I love that it is based in Seattle, Washington.
 Hello there, do you use Facebook? Hi, yes I use Facebook everyday
 Good morning!  Can you believe facebook has been around since 2004?  Yes, and  it was worth 75 million 1 year later. They are successful.  
 Hi, do you like amazon? hey, I do like Amazon actually! I remember when they first came out back in 1994, I know Jeff Bezos started it
 Hey there. Are you a fan of watching TV or more of an Amazon Prime person? Oh, I like both. What about you?
 Hello!  Do you use the internet a lot? All the time!  How about you?
 Hello, do you like Jazz? Yes, I do tend to like instrumental jazz. I think that its interesting that jazz started in New Orleans.
 hey there, are you a fan of music? Sure! What kind of music do you like?
 because it was the fast rotary number to dial, 212 is new yorks area code thats covienient for them!  lol The cables carrying phone and internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Do you ever take selfies?  Apparently, the first was probably made in 1839. I don't really take many. Usually it is for a work thing if I do. What about you?
 hey there, do you like jazz music? Sure do, how about you?
 Hi, how are you?  If you have an iphone, it's pretty powerful as it has more computing power than the entire us nuclear icbm deterrent. I saw that! I'd heard something similar before but I'm not so certain I believe it. :) 
 Do you know about the singer Ariana Grande? No. Tell me about her. Is she Hispanic?
 Hi there!  Can you tell me anything about presidents? I sure can, there is a president thats called Canaan Banana, funny name
 What do you enjoy doing? Hello, Reading and musc, I have many hobbies. How about you?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :) Hello, me too
 Hi, how are youse doing tonight? Good.  How are you?  I didn't know that Senators have only been elected instead of appointed since 1913.  
 Hi, do you like to read? do you like libraries? I do like libraries actually. I haven't been to one in a while but I remember they came in handy when I was a kid. What are your thoughts? I'm glad that there are more libraries than McDonald's in the United States haha
 Do you think that Brett Kavanaugh did what he was accused of? I'm inclined to believe that he did.
 Hi, how are you? I am just thinking about the state of union from trump last night. Heads of states are generally referred to as presidents. 
 Hi do you know who the 3 wealthiest presidents in American history are? JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, all great presidents too
 Have you seen pictures of Ben Affleck's back tattoo? Hello - I have seen pictures of his tattoo. It is very large and cool looking.
 Ben Affleck was mocked for his back tattoo in the movie "Gone Girl".  Surely it was not real! I think it fake as well, who knows, he doesnt talk much about his personal life, I think the interview was kind of awkward, what are your thoughts?
 Do you enjoy using the internet? Yes, I love it! It is practically my past time!
 Hey there how's it going. Do you believe in aliens? Apparently there's a possible UFO sighting during the flight on February 24. I find it interesting, apparently a pilot saw a UFO over the Arizona desert
 do you listen to the radio? I do quite a bit. Do you know the band Hanson?
 What's your take on UFOs? I believe in them for sure!
 Do you believe in UFO's? i think we would be ignorant if we think we are alone in the universe.
 hi, do you watch tv? Yes I do, do you?
 Hi!  Do you travel often? I like to travel when I can. I would love to go to Mackinac Island in Michigan. They banned cars and you must get around by horse drawn carriages or bikes.
 do you know much about presidents? some stuff. do you know who the wealthiest three in the US are?
 What is your position on gun control?  I think that the requirements to carry guns should be stricter!! Too often, guns end up in the wrong hands!! I support stronger background checks...and if a person checks out, they can receive a permit.
 Do you like shoes ? Not as much as my wife!  I am always fascinated by the new designs though.  It is amazing to think about the fact that 5000 year old shoes preform better than modern shoes.
 Hi. I really enjoy trivia facts. How about you? Hi and yes I do too.  Like, did you know that 5000 year old shoes are better than today's shoes?
 Hey there, are you a fan of music? Yes.  2018 was a great year for music.  Outstanding releases in almost all genres.
 Hi, do you watch a lot of TV?  Pokemon has you covered if you do, there are over 750 episodes! Yes I do watch television. I didn't know this about Pokemon. Wow!!!
 Hello there, do you know much or are you a fan of jazz music? I do like Jazz, I think it has a nice melody, what about you? what kind of music do you like?
 do you believe in climate change I believe the climate is changing but not sure it's man-made.  Although Michael Mann from Penn State said Summer 2018 had extreme weather.  Not sure from what, though.  Do yoU?
 Hi Turker, do you believe in climate change? Yes, I do believe in climate change. What about you?
 I remember when an album was made of plastic. Now everything is digital, like Linkin Park's, Hybrid Theory, the best selling album of all time. I don't really know much about Linkin Park. Are they popular with the kids these days?
 Do you have a favorite album? I used to. It was A Night at the Opera by Queen, matched only by A Day at the Races...also by Queen :) You?
 Hi! hi
 Hi Do you like Jazz music I do like it, what about you?
 Hi!  Do you like Jazz? I do. It has been around since the late 19th century in America.
 Hello - how are you doing this morning? I'm doing great.  How about you?
 Hi, DO you like music? Love music! Especially Zeppelin what about you?
 hey there, do you have much interest in music? I do like music, but there's so much out there that I feel like I can't keep up. I recently heard something about an artist known as Serpentwithfeet
 Hello.  Do you have music albums?  I'm old - I have tons of them. I'm old too, and yes, I have vinyls, i have cassettes, I have 8-track tapes, and I have CD.  They are all scratched.
 Hello, How are you today? Do you like cars? Hello. Yes, I have always liked cars. I have a mustang convertible 
 Did you know the emperor of Japan is also a scientist and still publishes papers? I did not. It is awesome that although he has such a high position, he also writes and publishes them. Scientists are fascinating. I also didn't know the world wide web was invented by a scientist either.
 Good afternoon!  Are you a fan of classical music? I am a fan, I like The Chicago Symphony Orchestra, its full with talent.
 Do you enjoy entertainment such as dramas or concerts? I do, I enjoy both, have you ever listened to the Chicago Symphony?
 hi do you go to concerts much? I go as much as I can. Did you know linkin park played 324 of them in one year?
 Hello, its nice to be connected!! Hello. Are you aware of the book Crazy Rich Asians?
 Hello.  Do you follow politics?  Did you know that the three richest presidents in our history are washington, jefferson, and jfk? I did not. I am surprised that Trump is not in there. 
 So it seems the US has caused some problems internationally with their new facility in Taiwan. China isn't happy about the huge facility. Yeah, I heard that too. Ya know, Taiwan is recognized as a sovereign nation by 21 countries. But recently three have reversed that position.
 Are you a House fan? Hugh Laurie earned 700 thousand per episode. That's insane. I'm not but my parents are so I am a little familiar. That's a huge paycheck. I did not realize it had that big of an audience. 
 Are you a fan of fiction books?  Yea, my favorite fiction is short stories and novels, do you?
 It's crazy that the wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson. JFK I could see but Washington and Jefferson surprise me.  I thought Washington was just a general before becoming president.
 HI how are you? Im great, do you like fiction?
 Have you heard about Fredie Blom? I know he is 114 years old.  Seems like a nice down to earth fellow.
 do you like baseball? I love it. Do you know how the albuquerque team got its name?
 Hello, how are you.  I just saw that A 114 year old man in South Africa thinks it's finally time to quit smoking. yea.....I have also heard the same. His name is Fredie Blom
 Do you think money can make people do bad things or do you think bad people make the most money? I think there's some rap songs about this. I think that a lot of rich people are famous, so when they do bad things, it is more public.  I do not think rich people are more inclined to be bad
 Hello there, do you know much about Tesla? Hi! I know a little. Mostly because of all the press Elon Musk gets. And I've heard of Space X, a prospective project of his, I think?
 Hi, how are you this morning? Hello - I am good. How are you? Do you like Tesla?
 Elon Musk is quite the entrepreneur. He's best-known for Tesla, which is interestingly named after Nikola Tesla, not Elon himself
 Did you know that cars have now existed for over 150 years? Wow I didn't know that. I do know that they were created first by Karl Benz. I think he started the company Mercedes-Benz with someone else. You drive a car by the way?
 Ever drove a Tesla? No, I'd like to though.  Have you?
 Do you own a car? Hello, I do actually, do you?
 Hello there, do you enjoy dance? Hi! Yes I love dance and I like to dance as well, how about you?
 Do you listen to Bluegrass music?  There's a hot album out that was recorded 60 years ago. Good evening, yes, I do actually like Bluegrass music.  This old album sounds interesting, to me!
 Hello! How are you today? Hello! I am great. Do you like netflix?
 hey there, did you know that bruce lee was a great dancer? he was a chacha championship winner in 1958 No, I had no idea, but he was good on his feet so I can see how he was a great dancer
 Do you like watching TV? I do, perhaps a bit too much at times.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Do you like dance?
 Hello! Do you like to travel? Hi, Yes I like to travel
 Do you like Bluegrass music?  There is an album that was recorded 60 years ago and is just now reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Bluegrass music charts. yeah, I do. I heard of that they were on tv like way back in the day, on some thing called WTTG
 Hey there Hoss and do you watch TV? I usually watch TV or Netflix Hello there, yeah me too, plenty of tv for me. I like watching shows like Simpsons
 Do you like music? I do, I'm into jazz. Have you ever heard of Walter White the Jazz Musician? 
 Are you a dog person? i like dogs. i do not have a dog, but i wish i had one. You?
 Hello there, do you watch much television? Television is the biggest entertainment medium for news, ads, fun. which is famous for transporting the moving images.
 Hi! Did you hear about Pete Munk's passing? He was a Holocaust survivor who also happened to the world's largest gold producer. It was very sad! No, I did not. Very interesting and sad indeed.
 Do you remember the Micheal Brown shooting in Ferguson Mo?  It was so heartbreaking. The Prosecuter Rober McCulloch said that he was impartial. I remember too well, very very sad. And since the grand jury decided to not indict Darren Wilson for his murdering Michael Brown it caused so many protests, I don't think it was right. There was so much media about it on Facebook it was crazy!
 Hello. Are you a fan of Facebook? Seems like it's been around forever but it actually launched in 2004. Yes I remember when you had to have a college email to register to use Facebook!
 I think elections are important to change leaders. I do too when they are real elections. I don't believe we have had one of those for quite some time. Just my opinion. 
 Hey there what do you think about the White House? Do you know that the White House is twin buildings in other countries as well? I figure that Ireland and France like all things American. They wish they were America, with our White House and such.
 hi, do you watch tv? How are you? I love to watch movies, sometimes TV. How about you?
 hi, do you eatch tv? Yes, I watch TV but it's more YouTube than traditional TV. I guess I do miss out on some things like free comedy films.
 The state diner at the White house this Tuesday may not have as many guests as past state dinners. Yeah, I could see the same
 Hi there, do you know much about the Presidents? I know some things. I know that I would liked to have gone to an Obama era state dinner. They sounded like amazing parties! 
 Hi there!  Do you know much about the White House? I do, its the official residence of our president, its located in the Pennsylvania Ave.
 Hello,  did you know the president's guest house is bigger than the white house? Nope. Have you by any chance ever toured the White House?
 Kristen Bell's TV show "The Good Place" sounds interesting. I haven't seen it, but I have heard it is very funny. Ive seen the first season,  it is great!  very funny! 
 hey there, do you like TV? I like some tv.  Even though I hate to admit it, South  Park is one of my favorite shows.
 How do you think our president is doing? I don't really pay attention to politics. But it's not the first time a president has been elected while losing the popular vote. Five presidents have been elected in this way, with the greatest margin being ten percent.
 Hey there do you play any instruments like the guitar or piano? I like to play the guitar, what about you?
 Hi. How do you feel about the rise of threats against public  figures on social media? I feel bad about it, there are many wackos in social media
 Howdy friend! Ever hear of Eric Garcetti? Hello there, no I have never heard of him.  Do you know who he is?
 The president sure has an important job Yes, I would not want to make all the decisions a president has to make every day.  I would be constantly second guessing myself.
 Hi, how are you? Good.  So, what do you think about presidents with beards always being republican?
 Do you really believe Kim Jong-un was voted sexiest man? That is hard to believe but it was The Onion so I'm sure it was done facetiously. I think it's even sadder that China actually believes it to be true. 
 hi do you watch much tv? I sure do. Do you ever watch the SImpsons?
 Hi, how are you? Good, I am reading fun facts about TV. Do you know how many pokemon there are?
 Hi!  Are you a big TV watcher? quite a bit. do you have any favorite shows?
 Do you you watch a lot of tv? I sure do. I love to watch the SImpsons there too
 What do you enjoy watching on tv? I love to watch The Simpsons and comdey shows, what about you? 
 Do you know where YouTube headquarters is? I actually do, they are located in San Bruno.
 Hi there! Are you familiar with You Tube? Yes, I am listening to some music from it while not watching the videos. I think that the sound quality is much better than other places.
 Good morning. Do you like watching YouTube videos? I was just surprised to find it was the second largest search engine on the net. YouTube was purchased by google, so I guess they share search engine technology. I do like YouTube.
 do you know much about presidents? SOme stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones are?
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of the president? But I think he says a lot of interesting things. I was shocked to learn that he's not one of the top three richest presidents though
 do you know much about the president? Yes I know that Wilson was the only one to have a PhD
 I suspect the information about the richest presidents is out of date now. I don't think any of the three listed would have qualified as billionaires in today's terms. I dont know how they adjust the value of the land that washington and jefferson owned. was it rich for their time?
 Do you follow the government much? I try to know only what is necessary.  It is crazy sometimes.
 Hi, do you follow politics? Yes I do. It is important to know about the politics going on. Especially in the senate since it is considered the more deliberative and more prestigious body than the House of Representatives.
 Do you like to dance.  I do but I am not coordinated so no one likes to dance with me.
 Hello - how are you doing today? Great. Hope you're well! So are you a fan of dancing? Bruce Lee happened to be an outstanding dancer and even won the Cha-Cha championship in Hong Kong back in 1958.
 do you like dance? I love dace. Did you know Bruce Lee was a great dancer too?
 do you know much about presidents? Yes I know that Wilson was the only one to have a PhD
 Hi how are you? I'm doing amazing today how about yourself, Do you like watching tv shows like Family guy and south park?
 hey there, do you know much about humans? Yes, I was actually studying humans in my last class. 
 Have you ever been on a bad date? Oh yeah, I have been on the bad date and have probably been the bad date, a couple times. Lol. Meetups are really hard to master.
 Hello.  How are you? Hey I'm good, what do you think about humans? I know that I'm a human haha
 Do you like Board games?  As long as they aren't Monopoly I do! What about you?
 do you know much about presidents? ISome stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest in the US are?
 Hello! Hello there.  I like presidential history, do you?
 do you know much about the presidents? Some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
 How's it going? Did you hear about Melania Trump's visit to Africa? She got to feed baby elephants in Kenya Doing good! No I didn't very cool!
 Hello there, do you know much about presidents? Hello there. I know some stuff like the president of Zimbabwe was called Banana?
 do you know much about presidents? I know that WIlson is the only one to have a PhD
 Who was your favorite president so far? Mine is Obama, what about yours?
 Do you like to use Google? I use Google from time to time. It is useful. Googlelicious.
 Hi, what did you think about Kim Kardashian West's visit to the White House? interesting, she went there to talk about prison reform 
 Hi! Are you familiar with the scandal surrounding Kim Kardashian and the White House? No! I'm learning about it now. it's pretty crayz. It makes sense since trump got his start on reality tv. I didn't know Sylvester Stallone also did something similar!
 I've got to admit that I was one of the people ridiculing Kim K for visiting the white house, but after hearing more about what she accomplished, I have more respect for her. How do you feel? I agree that here accomplishments merit some degree of respect. I wonder why people would choose to ridicule her
 Hello, what are your thought on Trump, do you like him as president? I try to support all Presidents. I feel like he gets a lot of flack. 
 Did you hear about the first crash of an F-35 aircraft? Yes I did. It was the first crash of an F-35 aircraft in about 17 years. I wonder what the cause of the crash was, they won't say
 You do much fishing?  I did a little bit as a kid, but never had much luck with it.  I never knew freshwater fish only "drink" through their skin.  Kind of like frogs can. Not much fishing recently. Heard about freshwater osmosis. Fished trout streams, mostly. You?
 Are you a fan of our president? Not at all, especially after this whole wall thing. Are you?
 the black swallower fish can eat prey twice its own length. how is that even possible? Can't snakes do that too? Did you read about the fighter jet that crashed? Luckily the pilot ejected to safety but still, that's scary!
 Hello! Did you know you can pick up radio storms from Jupiter on an AM radio? Crazy.  Hi! I didn't know that! That is amazing! i wonder what the Jupiter storms sound like.
 Hi there! Would you mind sharing with me, your political orientation? Personally, I call myself an independent. But I'd kind of prefer the term unaffiliated.  I am also Independent or unaffiliated! Ha
 hello - how do you feel about the issue of gun control I'm on the fence
 What do you know about the NFL? I know a lot about it. Do you like the NFL?
 Are you a big fan of Tom Brady? He's not my favorite, but I will admit that he is one of the best NFL quarterbacks. Did you see him win his sixth Super Bowl?
 You much of a football fan?  I don't watch it much myself, but I find a lot of facts about it pretty neat... Im in the same boat.  No cable for me so many games go unwatched.
 Are you a football fan, I just moved to the Boston area four years ago so I got kind of sucked into that. Funny, the author of the Game of Thrones compares the Patriots to the Lannisters. Lol, I am a Vikings fan. Patriots are a great team but I can see the resemblance lol!
 hey do you ever watch the NFL/ I only watch the Super Bowl because I go to a party. I guess that's usually the first Sunday in February.
 Hi, how are you? I am good and yourself?
 Hi! Are you a football fan? If so, do you have a favorite team? Hello, yes I am a football fan. I do not have a favorite NFL team because I am from Michigan and the Lions haven't been performing well, but I do love U of M football. I was actually in a class at Uof M with Tom Brady back in the day. He wasn't what he is today at the time though.
 Did you watch the Super Bowl? I did, I found it to be a bit boring, you?
 Did you see the Patriots game against the Bills today? Yeah, but not much because I thought they would win eventually
 hey there, do you watch NFL? I do! Of the 32 teams, the dolphins are my favorite. We haven't been good in years.
 Hi, do you like football? Hi, I love football. What about you?
 Do you follow the NFL? Yeah I love football. Im a steelers fan how bout you.
 And we wonder why the patriots are so succesful? Do you think their offense is the reason?  
 did you know that tom brady's wife make twice as much as tom brady? thats crazy No, that was very interesting to me. I knew she was a model, but I assumed their salaries were more equitable.
 Hi!  Do you watch TV? I love TV. It seems like the TV began with computer monitors back in the late 90s.
 Hi, are you into fitness? I wouldn't say I was into fitness, but I do like to stay active, I run a lot.
 Do you like to work out at the gym? Yea but I usually avoid going in January, it's always crowded with so many people signing up for the new year
 It's cool that Hybrid Theory is so popular. I loved Linkin Park -- they were one of the early 00s groups that were like holdovers from the grunge era. I was a huge fan of Linkin Park too.  They have the highest selling album of the 21st century still I think.  Very sad what happened to their lead singer.
 Hi!  Do you like Dogs? Hi! i love dogs!  Did you know that them and elephants are the only animals that understand pointing?
 hi how are you? do you like to listen to the radio? Yes I do everyday.
 Are you into music? Do you go to concerts? Hey there, yes I am.  I went to one out here in Costa Mesa, CA not too long ago. How about yourself?
 Hello there, do you know much about the white house? Not much, I toured it once in 2005, Being older, I remember Carter putting up solar panels, Reagon taking them down, and the 1st Bush putting them back up.
 Hello! Have you ever seen Jesus Christ Superstar? I actually watched that as a child and it was pretty wonderful lol I have not. But saw commercials for it with John Legend recently
 Do you play any fantasy sports? I don't play any fantasy sports, but i do read a ton of fantasy books.
 Do you like R&B music ? I don't think so, how about you?  Are you familiar with Meshell Ndegeocello?  She started with D.C. go-go bands.
 Dogs or cats? I am going to go with dogs, and you?
 Hello. How do you feel about the foreign policies of our current administration? There is too much chaos
 Hello there, are you a fan of the current US president? hI! I am not actually but that is just my opinion. I do like the fact the president had a good meeting with KimJong Un.
 Hi! Do you feel Trump's maximum pressure approach played a role in getting Kim Jong Un to the bargaining table? I'm torn on the issue as I also feel policy played a role as well. I definitely feel Trump's maximum pressure approach was at play. But I also believe Trump is a good business man, and his ability to talk with Kim Jong Un helped his success
 Have you been to any concerts? I have been to a few concerts over the years. My favorite is probably Heart. 
 Hi, how are you? Do you watch cable news? Don't worry no judgment on my part no matter what you watch. I avoid cable news.  Everything is so slanted.
 Do you like the NFL? I love it. Did you know that women can play in the NFL too?
 I find the idea that universes evolve through natural selection fascinating. I guess this refers to the idea of a multiverse that's constantly percolating new universes out?  Yes I think so. The universe sure is interesting.
 Do you happen to play fantasy football? I do not, but I am curious about it. 
 are you a fan of the NFL? I am actually. I'm a Bears fan which is a sore subject recently ha ha. 
 hi, do you watch nfl? Hi, how are you? Sometimes I watch NFL.What about you?
 do you like golf? I sure do. Did you know Antarctica has a disc golf course?
 hello, do you play golf? Hi there, I play sometimes but they are kind of bad for the environment because of water consumption 
 hi how are you? are you a fan of golf? Well, yes in a way. I played a lot of golf, probably 2 or 3 times a week college through the birth of my son, after that I kind of got away from the game as both a player and fan so only follow golf from a distance.
 Hey how are you doing? You going to tune in on April 28th for the Stanley Cup Playoffs? Yeah, I will watch the Sharks since they are around the corner!
 Are you a football fan? Hello! Sort of, Im forced to watch it by my Family haha I would like to be a part of the NFL rather than watching them, did you know Robert Griffin is selling his house for 2699.990... I want it :)
 Its a good thing our government officials are picked by an election.  yeah, in general that is good. i figure that the money in politics is a problem though
 Hey there, did you know that prior to 1963 it was common for students to be required to read the bible in school? I did not. I wonder what stopped that?
 The earth is an amazig place, I am thankfull its our home I love it too!  I'm sad that over 80% of the natural forests have already been destroyed.
 hi, did you know the us senate had a gavel for 165 years? I heard something like that. Are they still using it?
 Hello! Do you like dogs? Dogs I favorite animal by far! They are descended from wolves.
 Do you think the democrats had a bluewave in the midterm elections? yeah, They absolutely taken blue waves to act for midterm election. 
 Hi there! How are you today? Im great, are you a religious person? 
 Hello! I found it interesting to learn that the same gavel was used for 165 years in the US Senate! I also thought it was ironic that Richard Nixon was the one to crack it, considering his corruption in the government Ironic to say the least lol.  Did you know that in '88 a us senator allowed the sergeant at arms to arrest absent senators and bring them to chamber to vote.  One tried to escape but was caught and carried back in.
 do you read the Bible? SOmetimes when I go to church and you?
 hey there my friend do you own a car? No, I own a Zepplin. Better mileage, but going through the McDonalds drive thru is a challenge...
 Hey there how often do you read the Bible? Hey there, I am not very religious so not that many times. But i heard it was part of elementary education back in the day
 Hey there! Do you have a dog? no i dont but i wisht i did.
 hey there what are your thoughts on the us senate? I think it is a fascinating part of the us government
 do you like dogs? I love dogs. There is an unknown dog in russia that has a tomb for canine research subjects
 hey there, are you a fan of TV? I do like to watch tv, I think that Aaron Tveit is a great actor, did you watch Catch Me if You Can?
 Hi, how are you doing this fine evening? Pretty good, how about you? Do you watch South Park?
 Hi, how are you? Not bad.  Have you heard about the school lottery in Washington DC?
 How's it going? Are you  a big Netflix user? There is over 58 million subscribers in the US Yeah, I can remember the last time I watched TV because I only watch Netflix.   And you do you watch Netflix ?
 Hello.  Are you aware of the situation with the public schools in the Washington DC area? Hi, not really I know there is a school lottery but I'm not up to date on the situation.
 Hello, do you like Netflix? I love netflix. I can't believe the idea for the company came about from late fees on a vhs.
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of the president? I have a lot of strong opinions about our president. I wish that the rules of the 2016 election were similar to 1805. The runner up in 1805 would be appointed the vice president!
 Hey what's up. How do you feel about Trump? Despite everything he has done he has done no wrong in terms of the GOP support. I think the real statistics on job growth, the GDP, more jobs for minorities and other things show he is doing a good job unlike what 95% of the democrat led press is saying.
 What do you think about Trump's performance at Helsinki against Putin ? Hey! I honestly don't remember it very well. I didn't find something specific in the summit. They didn't reach any agreements, right?
 hi how are you? do you like the internet? Yeah, I'm a freelance writer and I use the Internet as one of my main research tools, besides publishing a lot of stuff there. How about you?
 Hey there do you watch television? I don't really watch TV myself I like watching shows, but TV feels outdated. It's not on my schedule but on the TV's schedule. Very inconvenient.
 Do you watch a lot of TV? I know I do. Yes, i like to watch Tv. which program do you mostly like?
 hi how are you? do you watch tv much? I am well, I do watch tv, probably too much. You?
 How are you today? I'm good.  How are you?
 Hello, do you like cars? I do not know much about cars but I do know that one of the first cars available to the masses was the Model T Ford in 1908.
 Hi there! How are you tonight? I just cleaned my car a bit. Are you into cars? I am not the biggest car guy but I occasionally look into cars. What about you?
 Hello there, do you use Amazon much? Yes, I love Amazon, although I am still wondering what the whole Amazon Prime thing is about. Do you use it much?
 Hello, how are you today? Good, have you been following basketball?
 What do you like to do for entertainment I've been playing a lot of the Nintendo switch lately, it's pretty crazy the original nes wasn't discontinued until 2003
 Hello.  Do you like to watch drama? I do like it from time to time. I think the last movie I saw was a comedy film from India. What about you?
 Hello, have you ever spent money on lottery tickets? No but my wife spends money on the lottery every week which I support.
 Hi there. Are you a fan of films? What's your favorite genre? I really like comedies. You?
 Hey, enjoy swimming? I love going to the beach but not a strong swimmer.
 Hey! How are you doing today? I'm doing amazing thank you are a fan of any cartoons like southpark and the simpsons?
 Hi! Do you like to watch TV? I love watching tv!
 How's it going? Do you enjoy comedy films? Apparently comedy films have been around since silent films  yes I do! I love Evan Almighty and apparently it was the highest cost comedy to make at over 200 million
 Hello - how are you doing? Great! How are you? The universe is fascinating! If you could fold a piece of paper in half 103 times it would be as thick as the observable universe.
 Hi! Are you interested in cars? Oh yeah. Love them. Do you?
 How's it going? Did you know that the spatial size of the entire universe is still undetermined? Yeah i guess I did know that, theres a lot we dont know about the universe I like reading about it, amazing how much is out there for out discovery
 Hello.  Do you do any stretching exercises?  Experts are saying now that dynamic stretching is better for the body. I read that too!  I do a little stretching before cycling to work.  What I found interesting is that the example provide is 74 nd stretches for 1 hr 6 days/wk walks/runs for 45 mins 5 days / wk.  I just don't have that amount of free time!
 Hi do you know above details of comedy film That is if you consider spongBob SquarePants  a comedy 
 Good afternoon! On afternoons like this, I sometimes just want to break out into dancing
 What do you like to do for entertainment? I listen to a lot of music on YouTube and read fiction. How about you?
 Hi, how are you doing this evening?  I'm great! Just reminiscing about back in the day when the Nintendo 64 was the popular gaming system. Even though it only displayed 54 colors, we didn't know any better then
 Surprised that chickens were bred for entertainment and not food i guess chickens are still with us but the nintendo system has been discontinued
 Do you enjoy drama as a genre? Not as much as other genres, but if it's good I'll watch it! Why do you ask?
 Did you know that Canada has two national sports: lacrosse and ice hockey? No I didn't know that, why do you think Canada is so good at hockey though? Apparently they scored like 130 goals and only let in three goals in the entire first Olympic Winter Games back in 1924
 Hi, do you like watching Olympic games I love the Olympics. So diverse and the bobsledder from Jamaica wants kids to see someone like him.
 Hi, do you like sports? Hey I do like some sports. One of my favorites is hockey, what about you?
 Hello! Do you like to watch Disney movies? I do. I love Disney. Do you like them?
 Hi, do you watch hockey? A professional hockey player will lose up to 8lbs in one game! lots of sweat. I don't really watch hockey. From what I've seen, it must be hard on the body. Eight pounds sounds right.
 Hi. How do you feel the president and/or white house is doing with the nuclear agreements after the summit with Kim Jong Un last year? I feel they went ok. I havent heard much since then.
 Hey there what do you think about the White House? I think the White House is an important piece/place in history that has housed numerous presidents and is recognized around the world. 
 Hello What do you think of the president? I feel we did not have good choices to chose from.  So in my mind he was not a good choice but a lesser bad choice. What do you think of his summit with Kim?
 Did you know that the runner-up for the US President used to automatically become the vice-president? I never knew that, did you know that the president of Indonesia released 3 pop albums while he was president? Crazy.
 Did you know that Trump cancelled his trip to Ireland because of his climate policies? Yea, sounds like they were planning to protest a variety of things involving his administration.
 Hi, do you want to talk about the White House, the President, or the Summit Meeting? Let's talk about the White House, did you know that they have twin buildings of it in both France and Ireland? I wonder if they're the same on the inside as well
 I love how even ages ago Teddy Roosevelt was fighting for conservation. He was a true visionary.  I agree.  He was ahead of his time for sure.  
 Hey, how are you, Are you a fan of tv shows like southpark and the simpsons? I used to watch them, but don't have as much time anymore.  I especially liked the Simpsons, even the one episode where Bart didn't appear.
 hey there, do you like cinematography? Sure, I appreciate a good camera angle! How about you?
 This whole topic is really tough. Moonves just got fired for cause and lost millions! Sexual misconduct is a very serious charge and this must really affect the entertainment industry considering his role.
 Hello, what do you like to do for entertainment? I like to play video games. I had the original Nintendo Entertainment System which only displayed 54 colors.
 Hello,  do you watch Netflix? Hi,  i used to watch Netflix. Not now. Do you watch Netflix?
 Did you read that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid dramatic TV actor ever at $700,000 per episode? .No, I didnt but I believe you, I like him a lot, do you knew that Netflixs headquarters are in Los Gatos California?
 Did you ever watch the old Goosebumps show? I think it's interesting that there are movie reboots now I did watch it. I like the show as a kid. Did you see the movie? I never got around to seeing i yet
 Hi there, are you a fan of TV Sure, I suppose.  I like Drama's like House.  Hugh Laurie earned $700,000 per episode for that show.
 The biggest serial killer in out history, a lot of evil in just one man This sounds just awful, Kermit Gosnell did not sound like a good person at all. 
 Hi, how are you? I am well. How are you? Are you interested in presidential trivia at all?
 do you use netflix? I love it. Did you know they have a movie named Fireplace for your home?
 Politics in this country are getting a little out of hand.  They really are! The House and Senate needs to get their stuff together too!
 Are you familiar with the show Goosebumps 2 for kids? I am not but I did see the original Goosebumps. Sounds like it will be a great movie!
 hi how are you? what do you think of the presidency? Hey I'm good thanks. I think it is a very stressful job! Being the head of the government is no easy task.
 Hey there do you ever watch shows on Netflix? Yes, all the time. I love Netflix that was founded in 1997 by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph in Scotts Valley, California.
 Netflix initial started in DVD rental business due to advance technology they are moving to online movie streaming. They have become a huge company!  They had 137 million worldwide subscribers as of Oct. 2018.
 Hey there. I noticed that traveling has been more difficult these days. Do you travel too? I do like to travel, I hate it when my luggage gets lost, just ruins my day
 It is pretty sad that in these modern times there are still incidents of ethnic cleansing people are not as civilized as we would like to think we are
 Hello, do you follow government? Yes I do, but I didn't know the U.S. plans to release an American citizen that was accuse of supporting ISIS.
 What do you think about the release of that ISIS member? Wow.  That's a tough call.  Sounds like he is in a pickle.  I don't know what to make of it.
 Hello! Do you like horror movies? I do, I'm a pretty big fan. I prefer macabre themes and thriller genres.
 What do you think of wikileaks? Good afternoon - I didn't think much about wikileaks until the Presidential election and now that it's tied to the Mueller Investigation.  That said, I'm not sure what I think/feel about wikileaks!
 Hello, do you know what wikileaks is? Yes, I think so. Is it a site that leaks supposedly confidential information about the Government? I'm not sure if it's only for the US or not?
 Hi, how are you? Hey, I'm good. How are you? Are you interested in politics?
 Has your luggage ever been lost? Only once, but I got it back quickly! That was fortunate. How about you?
 Do you follow the government? Hi, I try to follow a little but it is hard. What about you?
 Hello, did you know that in Nevada, 86% of the land is owned by the government. Interesting, I did not know that. I wonder if they have ever had someone impersonate a government official, and try to sell their Eiffel Tower like what happened in Paris.
 Hello! Hi! How are you?
 Do you have a car?  I do have a car. Do you?
 What do you do for entertainment? Watch movies on the internet mostly, you? 
 Hello there, do you know much about the sun? Hi, I would like to know more! but I learned that the sun is pretty small compared to other stars , it's even i billionth of the biggest star that has been discovered in the milky way!!
 Hello Good morning. Did you see the final episode of Nashville?
 Hi, are you a millennial? Good morning and no I am not.
 hey did you know you can put a flame thrower on your car in south africa? No.  I had no idea.  That is interesting.  Is that to prevent carjacking?  I don't think that would have worked with the original wooden trunks cars used to have.  
 Are you comfortable about talking about voting and the election for president? Sure, why not.  Things like the first president of Zimbabwe was President Banana.  He was the top guy.
 Hi!  Do you follow politics at all? Sometimes, do you? I just read how millennial supposedly ruined cereal, I guess that's a little political, but not like the elections or anything.
 I believe that voting is so important and we should all participate. How about you? Hey! Yes, definitely agree. If we don't vote for what president we want we can't complain later on! 
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of guitars? hi how are you? Guitars?? Yes!
 Do you think its important to vote? Yes I do, its important to voice my opinion.
 Hi! Do you watch Nashville? I was hoping they would play 'A life that's good' in the finale. Actually never seen the show.  What is it?
 Hi. Are you interested in politics? Did you know that astronauts vote from space? Hi, I am somewhat interested in politics, I wonder how they do it
 Hello.  Did you know that washington and jefferson are two of the wealthiest president's in u.s. history? That's interesting. And they are not called President Banana!
 Do you like to wear hats?  I do. Hey there!  Yes I wear hats quite a bit when I play golf!  I wear them mainly as protection against the weather or sun.
 What is your favorite movie soundtrack? I have to say the soundtrack of Batman Begins, what about yours?
 Hello Good day. Can you believe only 1 president has has a PHD? I am shocked.
 Do you enjoy driving a car? As much as anybody, I guess. I heard McDonalds added a drivethru in 1975 for soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars in fatigues. 
 Hi, how are you on this fine evening? pretty well, how are you?
 Dogs themselves are the result of selective breeding of wolves, so... Anyway I can understand why people were afraid because PETA has been quite willing to harm animals in the past to make a point they sure have, they have been doing themselves very few favors as of late
 hi, do you watch the academy awards? No, not really, way too long but I heard Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" was a funny movie and I know Frances McDormand won an Oscar for it
 do you like to travel? A lot. Did you know the dutch are creating a bus that can go 160 mph
 Hey are you a religious person? I think about it sometimes.  I know that many Americans are not these days.
 What do you think of Melania Trump's I don't Care jacket? Yeah I don't understand it at all. It was a really weird thing to wear I think. I don't know if it was directed to her husband or the Press, what about you?
 Hello, do you know much about presidents? Hi there , I know some stuff. DO you now who the three wealthiest one in US are?
 Have you ever heard of Ask Amy?  Hello - I have never heard of Ask Amy. What is it? 
 How''s it going, do you travel much? I love to travel by car and drive around the country side I do, and it gets expensive when you are traveling on the highways in Japan, as they are all toll roads.
 Hi, how are you? hi I'm good, did you know that Bruce Lee was an accomplished dancer? He won a cha cha championship haha
 Good morning. Do you watch the Oscars? I'm still surprised that Walt Disney has the record for most won by a man. interesting, the movie Blazing saddles has been nominated for 3 Oscars 
 Hi, did you know that the car was invented by Karl Benz? No, I did not know that. Is that the same person behind Mercedes Benz?
 Hi, do you have a dog or do you like dogs? I do, I am a dog person, what about you?
 Hello,  do you like dogs? I didnt know there are 12 different blood types that dogs can have!   Hi, of course!  Who doesn't like dogs?  I too, learned that about dog blood types.  Something I've never thought of, was a dog donating blood which apparently they do.
 Hi there. Hi, Did  you know that Paul Ryan tried to fire the Jesuit priest as the white house chaplain?
 Hey there what do you think about our current president? Do you know who the top three wealthiest presidents are as well? Hi How are you tonight?
 Hi, do you like animals? I love animals - both cats and dogs!  The dog is man's best friend.  The cat is our owner.
 Did you know that it's legal in South Africa to equip your car with flame throwers in order to prevent car jacking? That's crazy! We rely on cars so much-there are over 1.25 billion vehicles in the world.
 hey did you know that teh president of Japan is a scientist! thats crazy Yeah!  I think Trump is a mad scientist. You know, the only scientist to walk on the moon was Harrison Schmidt? But then he lost the keys to the rover, and now he is still up there searching for them...
 good morning to you! Good morning! Did you know the emperor of Japan is a scientist who still publishes paper? That's pretty cool, I think. 
 Hello.  Do you watch football games? I don't really, only during the Super Bowl. How about you?
 Amazon is the multinational technology company focused on e-commerce and cloud computing. Amazon is a fantastic company, isn't it?  They are so successful in both areas.
 Hey there, I really love Disney films. I watch a lot of tv actually. Thats awesome! Lion king is my favorite
 Radio is the technology of using radio waves to carry information. DACA Supporters woke up to a shutdown on January 21, 2018!
 Did you hear that Disney wants to buy 21st Century Fox? Yes, I heard.  I think it is going to happen.
 Hello there, do you get many products shipped from Amazon? Pretty much almost everything,  I love Amazon!  How about you?
 Hello,  do you like amazon? Hey there I do like Amazon. I buy a lot of stuff from them and I even have Amazon Prime, what about you?
 I wonder why they don't spend more money straightening those roads in Peru.  I heard something about a recent collision. Something about a bus going over a cliff on a curve known as Devil's Curve. Awful. 
 Hi, how are you? Did you know that Frozen was the first animated Disney film directed by a woman? I always get Let It Go stuck in my head! I didn't know that, but then I've never seen that film. Do you know if it was based on a pre-existing story?
 Hi, how are you? I'm well. How are you?
 Have you heard about the Disney-Fox merger?  Comcast has dropped their bid. Interesting. Disney was to pay 71.3 billion dollars.
 hi, do you like Walt Disney Pictures? Hi, I like it a lot actually, its crazy that Frozen was the first Disney film directed by a woman though.
 Hi, how are you this morning? Hello - I am good. How are you? 
 Hi! Are you an Amazon Prime member? Hello - yes I am. Are you?
 This is ironic, Ronald Reagan was rejected for a movie role because he did not have a presidential look. Lol, yea but I wonder how old Reagan was when he was rejected for that role, not too many young looking presidents
 Do you happen to enjoy Disney movies? I do! Lion King is my favorite. Did you know that it was the first Disney film to be dubbed into Zulu for it's African release?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am good thank you.  I hope you are as well.  Did you hear what happened in Peru? 
 Hello!  Are you into the fantasy genre at all?  I like fantasy novels myself, and used to play D&D a bit (still would if I had a group nearby.) I do like fantasy. I play fantasy football a lot. do you play that?
 Do you have adog? I do not.  I don't currently have any pets.  How about you?
 Have you ever hiked? I haven't hiked by myself but I would be scared to do so. I wouldn't want to go hiking with myself, but maybe it wouldn't be bad with a group. I wouldn't go in rugged areas though
 Hello, do you listen to the radio? Not as much as I used to but I do. 
 I love listening to the radio. What about you? I never listen, unless I am driving. I don't have a car anymore so I haven't for a while.
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio often? Hi! Yes, I listen to the radio during my commute, I wish there were more stations offered where I live though. Do you?
 Hi how are you today? Hello - I am good. How are you?
 Do you listen to the radio? Yes, I like it much better than drama on TV. Do you?
 Hello! Are you a fan of Winter? Imagine being  hiker and run into the cascades and think your gonna die. oh my, What an interesting story. Do you hike? can't say I like hiking myself, its kind of exhausing haha what about you
 Are you a fan of the president? He seems to be doing a decent job
 Have you ever visited the White House? I have not. I would love to go sometime though. 
 Hi. Are you a fan of the late, great Aretha Franklin?  think she had a lot of talent, too bad cancer took her life at age 76
 Hello did you know the drive thru was invented in 1975? No, I didn't know that, I always use the drive thru.
 Hi, how are you doing? Im doing good, how about yourself.
 Do you like classic rock? I LOVE classic rock ;) what bands You're listening to ?
 Hey there! Are you a fan of Aretha Franklin at all? Yea she was a great singer, kinda sad her funeral became a spectacle after she died at 76
 Apparently the upper limit for considering a vehicle to be a car is 8 passengers including the driver. Well, they must be skinny people fitting eight people in a car.
 Hello, Do you go to concerts much? I used to go, not so much now. You?
 Good morning. Do you watch football? Did you know the the university of Iowa's visiting locker room is painted pink? Yes, I've heard that! The locker room for visiting teams. I wonder how far that goes back and how teams have reacted to it.
 Hey did you know that there's an actual fantasy congress? Players draft members of congress and points are based off legislative success. I didn't know about that, people will play a fantasy league out of anything I guess even Spelling Bee.
 Hi, do you like football? Hello there, I do enjoy football of both kinds, how about you?
 hey did you know that the seahorse is the only fish that is designated to have a neck? No, but I can believe it. I had a pet seahorse once. 
 Do you like to observe fishes ? I enjoy seeing fish in koi ponds, how about you?
 Good morning! Good morning!  How do you feel about the safe space movement?
 Hello, what do you think of theories regarding  children being too protected with "safe spaces"? I can understand both sides of the argument. I think there's a level of safety that's good, but I think children gain strength from being exposed 
 Good morning! How are you? Good. Do you follow the President's babbling?
 Do you follow the news? I like the Fox news channel. Hello,  not really.  Do you?  I heard the average age viewer was 68 years old.  
 Hi how are you? I am well, thanks! I am not sure they mean this type but do you like happy hour?
 hi there. how are you? do you like sports? Hello,  I do like sports.  Do you like golf?
 Will you be watching the first round of the NBA playoffs that begins on April 21st? Sadly, I will not. What about you? 
 Do you enjoy sports? Hello - I do enjoy sports. What about you?
 Did you hear about the son who asked his mom to prom? I think that's kind of weird Yes, I did.  I guess she missed her first one since she had just had the new son and didn't have much money.  It is interesting that the mom accepted the invitation.
 Did you hear about that boy who took his mother to the prom? Nice. I did not, but I think it is the sweetest thing that a son would do for  his mom to finally go to prom.
 Do you have a car? I do have a car, it is a cadillac, how about you?
 So how do you feel about Drake the musician? I used to like his older stuff! Before signing to Lil Wayne's label in 2009!
 Hi, how are youse doing tonight? It's a great night for a chat"! Hi! I am great! it is a good night to chat!
 hi how are you? do you watch netflix? Hi, I am good.  How are you today?  I watch Netflix every now and then.  I know it's extremely popular. I think it has something like 137 million subscribers.  Do you watch?
 What sort of TV service did you have growing up? I did not have television service as a child. Did you use a television service? 
 Hi, do you watch the news? I do, I try to stay alert on current events, do you follow the news?
 Hello.  Did you read the articles about the comedian from Nannette, Netflix, and television as well? No, I haven't. I do enjoy watching Netflix though.
 How's it going, do you watch Netflix? They've recently got 112 nominations at the emmys I dont watch netflix anymore. i used to watch though.
 Hello, do you like Comedies?  Hi! I do enjoy comedies. In fact, I enjoy all genres. I really loved the nine part history of world art called Civilizations on PBS as well. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Do you watch Neflix?
 do you use netflix? All the time. Do you know when it was invented?
 I had no idea that Netflix was worth $2 billion. Can you imagine if Blockbuster had bought it back when it was selling for $50 million? My thoughts exactly. This has to be one of the worst business moves in history!
 Merry Christmas!  I am just about to watch something on Netflix. Merry Christmas ! What are you watching ?
 Hey do you like Vincent van Gogh? Apparently Willem Dafoe is playing him in a new movie called "an eternity's gate" Oh, yeah. I like him. He was a wonderful artist. I like Dafoe too. He is quirky.
 Hi.  Do you subscribe to Netflix?  From 9PM to 12:00 AM it accounts for approximately 33% of all bandwidth in north america Yup. I am part of the Netflix traffic each night. You? Heck, I've even watched their infamous  fireplace film.
 Hello. Did you know there is a Bartless Simpsons episode? Haha yes, learned that recently. The haha is for your use of "Bartless." Love it! Are you a Simpsons fan?
 Do you like comedies?  I sure do. Did you know Chapman from Monty Python was a doctor?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  Do you watch much television?
 Hi!  Have you every played golf? Hey I actually have played golf. Even though I'm horrible haha what about you?
 Hello, how are you? Do you follow any sports? I'm good, well I don't but I do like the basketball they play in the Movie Space Jam haha
 So, you much of a fan of basketball or golf? I find it neat that Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer!  Guess that was before he found his niche in baseball. I like basketball yeah, not a big fan of golf but both are great sports.
 do you use the phone much? Yes all the time. Do you know why the NY area code is 212?
 Hello!  Did you know that the 3 wealthiest presidents in American History were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson? No but I can see how JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the wealthiest presidents if you adjust for inflation
 Do you still have an antique radio? Nah Everything digital. I do think its a good ideal to keep one around though. 
 hi, how are you? do you use facebook? I do not really use facebook that much.  But most everyone uses it at least a bit.
 Hello do you like rap music? I like Korean freestyle complement battle. You?
 How's it going, are you interested in animals? There are over 1.5 million living species It is going well, Yes I am Interest in animals, I love horses.
 Hello Hi!  Did you know that Busta Rhymes voiced a character on Rugrats?
 Hi how's it going! Do you plan on watching the Academy Awards this Sunday? They give a total of 24 awards in the film industry. Im not sure, I usually do but there has been so much drama surrounding this year's awards. are you?
 Good evening? Catch anything good on the radio today? No, I haven't listened to the radio today. When I do, I'm usually an NPR person. How about you?
 hi how are you? are you into rap? Great thanks! Yes I am. The earliest precursor of rap was in West African tradition.
 Hey what do you think about Gary Oldman? I personally think he's an awesome actor Gary Oldman is the man! He has had some controversy around him though.
 How's it going. Do you know it's impossible to separate two phone books with overlapping pages? No I didn't know that. I never tried it though, I also didn't know that an iPhone has more computing power than our nuclear missile deterrent system, that's scary LOL
 hi, do you use facebook much? Yes I do. Did you ever use Myspace?
 Hi! Do you use facebook? Hello, I do sparingly. Definitely not as much as the 30% of adult Americans who use it as their primary source of news.
 Hello, how are you? hey I'm good, how often do you wear clothing? I know I wear it every day haha
 Hi!  How much do you know about golf? Hi, Very little. Iknow it it very very popular in the US
 Hello! Did you know that Pilgrims had colorful everyday clothes.  The black and white was for special occasions.
 hi how are you? do you like cars? No. I prefer helicopters, but they are a little out of my budget. I might like my car better if I could equip it with a set of those flame throwers that are legal in South Africa!
 hi, do you like cars? I do like cars. I love the convenience of using them for transportation. Do you like cars as well?
 Good morning to you! Good morning. Do you like comedy?
 One of the genres of film is comedy.  Have you heard of a bromantic comedy? LOL.  I can't say that I have, but then again, I bet I probably saw them as "buddy" films in the past.  I think something like "The Hangover" fits that.
 did you know that fourteen of the 25 biggest stadiums in the world are linked to american football teams Football is insanely popular, especially in states like Texas. I bet every one of the stadiums makes money.
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Do you like XXXTentacion? I never heard of him.  I understand that he had been fatally shot.  How sad.
 So, I've been listening to a lot of rap lately. I didn't realize that the earliest precursor to modern rap was the West African griot tradition of oral historians or praise-singers giving oral histories. Do you like rap? I do like rap! I've recently tried to delve deep into 90's rap, where it seems a lot of influential rappers came from, like Tupac!
 do you like the NBA? I sure do. DO you know how many teams it has within?
 Hi, how are you? I am good! And you?
 Do you enjoy the NBA? Yes, Its is my favourite sports.
 Have you ever heard of XXXTentacion? I have but in name and murder only. You?
 Hello!  Have you ever heard about people in Britain breeding chickens for entertainment? Oh yeah I believe I learned about that in History, it was a weird fact my teacher told us. Something about Caesar visited Britain in 50bc.
 hi how are you? do you like rap? Hi. are you interested in rapping facts? Rapping is a musical form of vocal delivery that incorporates "rhyme, rhythmic speech, and street vernacular".
 Hi! Do you like basketball? Yes, I am a big Raptors fan. It's crazy how much companies are paying to put their logos on NBA jerseys.
 Did you hear about the death of Denis Cuspert? Hello, I did hear about that. Heard he's a rapper. 
 Do you like rap? I'm more of rock guy, but I definitely like good rap. How about yourself?
 Do you like entertainment?  I love to be entertained. How about you? 
 Hi, how are you? I'm fine! How are you? Do you follow the NBA?
 Hello! How are you today? I'm doing pretty good. Are you a basketball fan?
 Hi, do you listen to music? Yes I love all types of music, One of my favorite things to do is to listen to the radio in my car and sing along. How about you?
 Hi!  Do you watch much Basketball? Yes, I am actually a big NBA fan and follow it pretty closely
 Hi! Hey!  Aren't telephones great!
 Good afternoon! Read any good books lately? No, I have not.  I would like to read Starship Troopers.  I saw the movie and thought the movie was good.
 Philip Savopoulos was a victim of a 2015 quadruple killing  That is so tragic.  He was only ten years old.
 The factual section 3: Literature appears to have some questionable "facts" in it. What are some questionable facts? They seem pretty reasonable-- it's crazy that Terry Pratchett was knighted, but I believe it.
 How's it going? Do you own a smartphone? Apparently an iphone has more computing power than the US nuclear ICBM deterrent Hey there, yes, I have the samsung galaxy s8
 Hello, do you like to got to concerts? Yes I do but I have not been going to any in the last two years.  I have been too busy with work and family.
 Hi there!  Do you like to travel? I love to travel, yeah, what about you?
 Hello, do you watch television? i dont watch tv too often. i sometimes watch at the gym when i exercise.
 Hi, how are you? Hello, im great, do you have kids? I think the article is dedicated mostly to parents as the main topic is focused toward the end of the school year.
 I  stayed up so late watching the tele. Do you like watching television? Haha - yes I like television.
 Hello do you use the telephone? Yes, I use the phone.  Mostly my smartphone.
 Hello, are you a big fan of traveling? Yes I love to travel. What about you? I want to try that Dutch commuter bus that can travel at 160 mph.
 I don't like Kin Jong Un or his sister  I don't know much about them. 
 Do you know many facts about celebrities? I know some, Lebron James is the highest paid which is not surprising given both his salary and endorsements. You will never guess who the next highest paid celebrity is. Unless you already know.
 hello. Hello.  I heard recently that over 80 percent of our natural forests have been destroyed.  That's really sad don't you think?
 Are you a tennis fan? I have to admit I do not know much about Maria Bueno. She played in a time I am not too familiar with. I don't know much about tennis at all and I have never heard of Maria Bueno.  What years did she play tennis?
 Hello!  I wonder if Donald trump is one of the top three wealthiest presidents in history with Washington, Jefferson and JFK? I'm sure he is, actually with little doubt considering how long ago washington and jefferson were in office. I wonder who was least wealthy?
 Do you like planet earth? Hmmm, yeah mostly.lol I like Baseball too.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hi, you as well.  Were you a fan of Maria bueno, the Brazillian tennis star?
 Hi. Are you a tennis fan? I watch from time to time. You?
 Hello there, do you watch much television these days? I usually just watch Netflix. How about you?
 Do you like to watch TV? Hi! I love TV! In fact, The Simpson's is my favorite show. However, there's an episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see. I bet it's weird never seeing Bart! What about you?
 How's it going? It's crazy how far reaching the internet is nowadays  and is essential for public, academic, business,  and government functioning Things are good here.  It is important.  I think Id like to be an astronaut, strictly for the purpose of getting faster internet.
 Hello! How are you today? Great! and you? Isn't it terrible what happen to the Parkland kids? Seems like it's something all the time!
 Do you like country music? Yes I love country music. It originated back in the 1920s.
 Did you know myspace turned down $75 million dollars to buy facebook? Well I guess we can see who easily won that social media battle
 Hello there, are you a fan of Drake? I  cant honestly say that I am.  I dont care much for his music.
 Remember David Hogg the kid from the Parkland school shootings? I do.  I have friends who life in that area.  
 do you know much about presidents? SOme stuff, like Wilson being the only one to have a PhD
 I learned that the White House has twin buildings in other countries. I never knew that! I didn't know that, but with it being Christmas, I heard Teddy Roosevelt banned Christmas Trees in the White House when he was president.
 Hello there, do you play or watch golf at all? Hi!  Yes I do both.  Did you know that if you combined all the golf courses in America they would take up more land space than Rhode Island and Delaware combined?
 hey did you know that Babe Ruth was also a famous golfer?  I didnt, so not only a baseball hall of famer but also a famous golfer, I guess he had sports running through his veins
 I was reading an article and it stated that our White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France. I thought that was interesting I think so too! I never really thought the white house would be replicated anywhere else. I wonder why the white house still uses floppy disks to store files?
 Do you ever play golf?  It can be a fun, but very challenging sport. Yes, I do, but not very often. The cost of playing is prohibitive for me. I don't have a private golf course like Trump, nor am I a millionaire like many of our former presidents.
 do you know much about the president? Yes I do. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones are?
 Did you know that the President is the head of government? That is true in most republics.  It certainly is in the US.  
 do you know much about the presidents? I know some stuff . Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?
 What do you think about Kevin Durant? Do you think that the media really hates him? I think thats just excuses, I dont really like him as a player, if you dont win dont blame the world about it
 hey how's it going? Hello how are you doing? Do you like basketball? Tim duncan of the san antonio spurs sacrificed money and stayed in college for four years instead of going directly to the nba. 
 Hey how's it going. I think animals are so fascinating and I love learning about them. Did you know there are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth? That is how many zeroes ? Does it count insects ?
 Rent many cars? You got to be careful with deals that seem too good. Stay away from non-refundable rates. I have not had the need to rent many cars myself but I feel like I learned a lot of tips from this article
 hi, do you like cars? I do, i just bought a new one in September.  How about you?
 Hey! Trump has been having a tough go lately. Especially back when implemented a zero crackdown on immigrant families. Yeah, more and more Republican are against him, do you think he will change his policy ? 
 Have you heard of Chelsea Hodson before? No, haven't heard of her who is Chelsea Hodson?
 Have you ever rented a car before? Yes I am over 26 so I can actually Rent A Car, what about you? I don't like Avis charging cancellation fees, $150 is way too much
 I sure do. Do you know who Reggie Miller is? Yes I love the guy he is so good but did you know his sister is even better?
 HI there, do you like animals? Sure, I am interested in animals. There are about 20 quintillion animals on our earth
 Hello, have you ever made a  car rental mistake? Not yet, I don't want to get charge a $150 cancellation fee or something else stupid
 Wow...did you know why McDonald's initially added drive thru's to their restaurants?  I heard soldiers could not get out in their fatigues, good response by them. REading this, I kinda wish my trunk was still actually a wooden trunk.
 Good morning!  It's a snowy day here and I was thinking of spending some time with a movie.  Do you like dramas? I'm more of a comedy person myself, but I understand that drama is traditionally the middle ground between comedy and tragedy.  
 Hello, how are you? Do you like cars? Yes I do like cars. It's crazy that the first car was invented in the late 1800s that seems so long ago
 Unfortunately, at the Youth Peace Center in Chicago a person spoke of being shot six times in the back of the head. "It was like Iraq", the person said, but he hasn't been in Iraq. What a sad day. Also the day of the Parkland, FL shooting. WHat is wrong with people these days?
 Have you heard of the Chicago massacre? People compared it to war. Chicago has a high murder rate. Yes it's a shame.I think that the tearing down of the high rise public housing caused the diffusion of gang problems into other neighborhoods.
 How's it going, did you know Karl Benz was the first person to patent the car? I didn't.  It makes sense... Did you know that McDonald's developed drive-thus to help soldiers?  I helped me too.
 Hi.  I don't know what I'd do without a telephone.  Did you know an iPhone has more computing power that the entire U.S. nuclear deterrent?  Wow. Yes, that says a lot about both things doesn't it?  I agree, my phone is my lifeline as well.  It's funny how vulnerable they seem to be.  The cables carrying phone and Internet data across oceans are only 2.7 inches in diameter and just lay on the ocean floor.
 hey what are your thoughts on Pink Floyd? pretty cool, as cool as to play a concerts in an ancient amphitheatre without an audience?
 Ben carson nick name should have been Banana like the president of Zimbabwe.  why is that? 
 Hi, do you follow politics? Avidly, but not a fan of vindictive, blistering comments. You?
 Do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest in the us are?
 Are you a dog or cat person Both, but I like dogs a bit more, what about you? 
 Hi. Wouldn't it be funny to be watching a soccer match and have a dog on the field save a play? I heard that happened at a soccer game in Juventud Unida de Gualeguaych. But where was the goalie?
 Do you enjoy walking dogs? Dogs are my favorite pet so I guess I do, what about you?
 Discussion of work boots reminded me I really need to get some new work boots soon -- my current pair is getting really worn. I need me some boots. My dog ate mine!
 Do you do a lot of reading? Yea I like to read although I wish I could read 4700 words per minute like Anne Jones
 Headlines are really important they can influence a hole article. Yes, they can. Just like in the case of Dennis Kucinich. What about those headlines?
 The president has an important job and also is a really powerfull person Hi did you know that first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? lol
 Hello! Are you interested a lot in politics? I sometimes follow politics. How about you?
 The president is a common title for the head of state or government. Good morning! Yes, it seems to be a universal term. Even in Zimbabwe although they referred to their first president as President Banana. 
 did You know that the top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson ? I didn't realize that! I heard that women were not allowed to wear pants in the Senate until 1993!
 Hello there, do you watch many baseball games? Not really bout i'm familiar with the sport.
 Hi, do you like to read? Yeah. I read to my kids before bed.
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm hanging out waiting for the weather to get warmer so I can wash my car. Do you like cars? Hello, I'm great - thanks. I love cars. What about you?
 hi, do you watch baseball? It's hard for me to sit and watch it because I would rather play the game. Even the coaches are dressed in uniforms in case the need arises for them to play for their teams
 I never knew that the reason a baseball manager wore a uniform was so that he could play if needed. Did you? I did not know that at all thats a cool thing to learn
 Hi.  Do you use facebook?  Did you know that it was launched back in 2004? Hi, I remember it launching. Myspace at the time was so much better. They actually had the chance to buy facebook in 2005 for just 75 million but turned it down. oops.
 do you use facebook much? All the timer. Do you know why it is blue?
 What are your thoughts on Trump?  Pretty unfavorable. Unfavorable of the whole republican party, actually. You?
 Hey there! Have you heard of the disturbing scandal involving the  Minnesota legislator and his daughter?  If it's that disturbing he should probably face criminal charges.  
 What do you think about Trump's economic advisor? Hello, I think he is pretty good. What do you think? I also like Trump though.
 Hello, have you ever been to the white house? no i have not been to the white house. id love to go some day. You?
 hey my friend can you guess the 3 wealthiest presidents? Hmmm... let's see? Was it JFK, Roosevelt and Trump?
 How's it going, did you know an AM radio can pick up Jupiters radio storms? Good morning, I did not know that. I wonder what they sound like?
 How's it going, did you know every president since John Adams has lived in the White House? No I didn't know that. I also didn't know that the White House has twin buildings around the world, one is in France and another is in Ireland
 I would like to visit the White House some day, so many history in one place. It is a wonderful place. But the president there now is making false statement.
 Good morning!  Do you use facebook?  Can you believe it was launched back in 2004? Yes I do! It is very hard to believe wow. I remember when I first got mine. Don't use it so much anymore. Hard to believe a third of all divorce filings in the USA in 2011 contained the word "facebook"
 Did you hear what happened with the legislator from Minnesota? I hadn't until today. Allegations like that can sure change your career path. Not surprised no charges were filed though.
 Hello - how are you today?  I'm doing pretty good, how about yourself?
 Hi there, do you follow politics? Not much, do you? I get so tired of hearing about Republicans and Democrats fighting.
 I love Elton John. Are you a fan? Yea, I enjoy it when it is on. I don't seek it however. I hear Donald Trump also loves Elton John.
 Hi. Do you like style? I am still waiting for some animals to adopt clothing lol! Well, I would not hold your breath, I do not think animals like wearing clothes
 Hi there, looking forward to chat with You ! ;) Hi, did you hear that one of Paul Manfort's accountants said she went along with falsifying tax records because of fear.
 Hey there, do you follow politics much? Yes, mainly the President and actions taken by Congress.  Lately, I was surprised to know that Trump wasn't one of the top 3 richest presidents. 
 It's crazy to think that the top three richest presidents were JFK, Washington and Thomas Jefferson.  Yeah, I agree.  They must have factored inflation into that
 Hey there what are your thoughts on Elton John? Elton John? Is that guy still alive? I thought that he died or something.
 What do you think of our lovely planet? I love this lovely planet of ours. I think that the earth is the ideal place for us. i plan to stay for the rest of my life. You?
 HI do you know many facts about the Earth? I have learned some interesting ones!! Do you think the earth will be helium-free by the end of the 21st century?
 hi how are you? do you like this planet of ours? I do like Earth. Did you know that Earth is going to be helium-free by the end of the century?
 Do you know much about the Earth? I know that we have destroyed more than 80% of the forests in it
 what do you think of storm chasing? I think it would be excited and dangerous. What about you?
 Hi, how are you doing? Great! and you? Do you like golf?
 Hello!  I learned some new things about golf today.  I didn't realize golf courses consume so much water, around 312,000 gallons per day! Thats interesting I didnt know they used so much water, I did know that they take a large space of land.
 Do you like golf? Phil and Tiger are my favorite players. 
 Do you enjoy magic? Yes, I am entertained by magic. I especially enjoyed the movie with Hugh Jackman about magician, though I forget what it was called. Do you?
 hey my friend do you like animals? apparently there are 20 quintillion animals on earth right now I love animals! Wow that is a lot!!! 
 Hello. Have you seen The Shining? The little boy didn't know it was a horror film, until several years later. Hello there, I have that is a great movie.  And really!?  That is too funny, I wonder what type of movie he thought he was doing/
 Hello there what do you think of reddit.  Lot of people use it, like 542 million visitors. I use it from time to time to get news and laugh at stuff. 
 do you watch tv? yes I do . I like to watch the SNL, and you?
 Hey how are you, you ever have a special stuffed animal? a stuffed teddy bear
 Do you like to watch TV? I do it a mass medium for advertising, entertainment, and news
 hello,  do you like animals?   Hello!  I do like animals and have a pet dog.  What about you?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to start chatting with You ! ;) You too!  Did you know that the book Empire of Enchantment has been altered so much by Oxford University Press with many words repeated, misspelled, or misused.
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) You too. Do you watch SNL? I heard Weekend Update was on the first show and is their longest running skit.
 Hi, how are you, this afternoon? Fine, thank you. Just getting ready to watch the news at 6 to see what kind of shenanigans the President is up to now haha
 Hello! Do you like Stephen king? I do, he makes great Horror films
 Hi, how are you doing today? I am doing well.  Thanks for asking.  What is you interest in politics, specifically President Trump?
 I have an article on North Korea, what about you? Mass Games. surprised 100000 people all worked together for it
 Hi, do you read Stephen King books? Hi, I do. It's hard to pick a favorite, maybe It but its hard to just say one. They are all pretty much good to great.
 Hey how are you, you a big Stephen King fan by chance? I love Stephen King, his horror genre keeps me on my toes, you?
 Do you want to improve your finances?  I do! Do you?
 Hello! What do you do for entertainment? Hi!  I like to watch a lot television and play golf.  I wish I thought of the idea for YouTube.  It sold for 1.65 billion in 2006, cannot even imagine what it is worth today!!
 How's it going, do you watch youtube? It was created in 2005 I do, Google owns the company right?
 I know the article is good but "home buyers who focus on their personal finances are going to be the winners, because they will have the means to make fast, substantial offers"... no duh! I know, right? We also know that mortgage lenders have strict guidelines before lending people money to buy a house.
 I absolutely love star wars! What about you? I do as well! It is a world wide pop culture phenomenon
 Hi. Do you like Star Wars? A new Hope released back in 1977 is a real classic in my opinion. More of a fan when I was a kid, watch the new ones with my son now.
 Hi there!  Are you a Star Wars fan? Yes, I am I am excited about the new Star Wars area at Hollywood Studios!
 Hi, how are you on this fine evening? I am great, and you?
 Do you watch the TV show Modern Family? I've never seen it. Is it any good?
 Do you watch Modern Family? No I don't,  did you know When caesar visited britain, around 50bc, he noted that its people bred chickens not for food, but for entertainment
 Do you watch "Modern Family"?  They killed off a main character.  In the interest of a "spoiler alert" I'll not tell unless asked. I have seen it. I am glad it wasn't Stella the dog.
 hey do you ever wear costumes? like for instance during halloweeN? I'm not really a costume person. How about you?
 Hello Good morning!  Hope you are doing well today
 Hi, how are you? Great, how about you? Did you know that dogs are not color blind? A lot of people think they are.
 Hi, how are you? Great how are you? Do you use Twitter?
 Hello, how are you today Great, you?
 Do you have any opinions on the crime drama "White Boy Rick"?   No I haven't seen it, someone told me it was good, what about you?
 Hey! Do you play Nintendo at all? Hard to believe they just discontinued the original NES in Japan in 2003. I still remember getting mine in 1985! I loved the original Nintendo. I can't believe Japan produced them that long. That's surprising. Did you also know that for a documentary a company will be excavating the famous atari game landfill?
 I am an absolute dog lover, because not only are they adorable, but they have so many supportive uses. Did you know that dogs often aid disabled people as service dogs or provide therapeutic support as emotional support animals? Dogs really are our best friends! They show love and affection and are never sad to see us.
 Hi there!  Did you know the official business and office attire in Hawaii is the aloha shirt!?  I certainly didn't know that. I did not know that, do you know anything about calvin and hobbes?
 Its a good thing we live in a democracy, we have a president and not a dictator or authoritarian regime I feel like the line is getting a little blurry currently though, a lot of changes are going unseen.
 Hey there what do you think about Kanye West? I think Kanye needs to see a mental health professional, as those around him are not giving him the help he needs. That "dragon energy" bit was bizarre, but he was on to something with that hydrogen power that everyone glossed over.
 Hi there! How are you doing this fine Internet evening? Hi! I'm just catching up on some reading and saw that Chance the Rapper received backlash for sharing his opinion about not needing to support Democrats. I think that's a little sad that being a public figure, you can't express your opinions without backlash.
 Hi are you a fan of rap? No, not really. I don't know it. I prefer melody and harmony. You?
 do you like rap music? I like some of it and you?
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of rap music? I would say the lighter raps but not hardcore or gansta.
 hi, how are you? do you like rap music? Hello, yes I like some of it, how about yourself?
 Hi, how are you? Good, did you know that only one of Kayne's top 10 songs is in a minor key? 
 Did you hear about Kayne meeting Trump? Yes that was very insane.  He was very whacked out and talked about random conspiracies
 Are you a fan of rap? I do listen to rap on occasion. How about you, do you like rap?
 Kanye West sure has a lot of credentials as a rapper, singer, songwriter and more. Yes he does, I at first did not really care for Kanye West, but now I do like him. Do you like him or no?
 hey there, do you like music? I do, but I am not a big fan of rap.  Some rappers like Kanye West are pretty out there.
 Hello Friend! Do you like Rap music? Yea, Tupac is my favorite, glad his music in in the Library of Congress
 Hi!  Are you a fan of Kanye West? I honestly don't know that much about him. Rap isn't really my kind of music but he seems like a fascinating person. 
 do you watch the NFL? I sure do. Did you know Kellan Moore is the only lefty in the nfl?
 Hello - do you like the NFL?  I love football my favorite team is the miami dolphins whats yours?
 Hi. Do you like comedy? Have you ever seen any of the movies in the bromantic comedy genre? hi how are you? i do like comedy. bromantic? what is that?
 do you like horses? I love them. Do you know in Iceland they have a fifth speeD?
 Do you have any favorite clothing? Not really, but any cloths is better than no clothes right?
 Hi there, do you like horses? Sure, horses are 
 Are you a wine lover or a progressive?  lol What a funny outlook the author has on that! Coincidentally, I am not a wine lover but I do love philosophy. How do you feel about it?
 Did you hear about Duke Ellington School of the Arts in DC and its $180 million remodel? That's a lot, but it sounds like a good school. I did not hear about that. I was more interested in the scandal. 
 do you watch tv? a lot. do you watch the simpsons?
 Did you hear about the Duke Ellington Scandal by the way? I did. Regarding the School of the Arts? Apparently there was cheating in order to avoid paying tuition.
 do you watch tv? Yes I do. DO you like the SImpsons?
 Interesting that the 70's show was remade verbatim in the UK.  Yeah,  but I didnt know England even had the 1970s... I guess that is why it was canceled after only 10 episodes.
 Do you still have cable tv or did you cut the cord? I rent a house with my brother, I mooch off his cable
 Do you know the founding story behind Netflix? One of the guys ran up a late fee, and was so disgusted that he started netflix! No, I didn't know that!  Funny that Blockbuster could have bought Netflix and didn't 
 It was fascinating how they tied all of those diverse topics together, Disinformation, Smoking, Google Do you  think the US anti-smoking campaign does fight disinformation?
 Hello, what are your thoughts on the US senate? Hey. I think they have a very important job being the upper chamber of the US Congress.
 Do you follow the US Senate at all? I did the Kavanaugh stuff. Did you?
 Hello, did you know that Kristjen Nielsen is the US Homeland Security Secretary.   I was aware of that yes. She has held a lot of press briefings. 
 Hello, how are you this evening? Very well, thank you. I hope you are as well?  Not doing your laundry in the famous geyser, Old Faithful, as was the ritual in the old days?
 Did you hear that the Norwegian government donated money to save the Amazon rainforest? I guess they've got cash to spare in Norway. Must be nice! Do you smoke?
 Hi. Do you like going to concerts? Linking Park played three hundred and twenty four concerts in 2001 alone! Yea, I'd love to have went to the 1972 Deep Purple concert that was the loudest ever
 Hi do you follow football? Good afternoon, yes, i do a little.  How about you?
 Hi.  I guess for those people missing NFL games they can do fantasy.  I know my grandson is really into it.  He's a huge Andrew Luck fan and hopes to ride him to a good season. i have never tried fantasy sports. how does it work? do you bet or something?
 Aretha Franklin's passing was quite a big deal from history, art, society, music on a lot of levels. She was amazing. I heard her funeral was quite a production. She was carried in the same white cadillac that carried Rosa Parks and her father Rev. CL Franklin
 Good morning, do you like football? Yea, I love the nfl which is known as Gridiron football around the world, do you?
 hey there, are you a fan of concerts? Yes.  I love concerts.  I am always reading reviews about concerts.  Did you know that in 2002, a Creed concert was so bad that people walked out and sued the band.
 Are you a football fan? American style. I enjoy fantasy football, particularly in week 8.
 I have grown up in an era when Arethra Franklin has not been active as an entertainer. I did not expect so many famous people to attend her funeral. She was admired by many who came from different backgrounds
 How's it going? Have you heard about the two nooses found at the Mississippi State Capitol? How appalling Hello! Yes I have heard it, it's terrible. I think it's indicative of a larger problem. Trump was going to speak for Cindy Hyde-Smith that same day I believe, and she made a joke recently about a "public hanging", it's absurd.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Do you listen to the radio?
 Hello.  Anybody there?  I am trapped in the US Senate chamber and I can't get out! Ok, it might be awhile, you know how slow they are to move in Washington. Lol
 Did you know that every US president with a beard has been a republican?  Must be something in their philosophy.  Hopefully if they have a female candidate one day it not a requirement.
 Hi, did you know the US Senate used the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon broke it!  Sign of things to come... I didn't know this. Who is the presiding officer of the Senate?
 Do you follow US politics? Yes I think it's important to stay up-to-date. The Republican Party currently controls the presidency. Or should I say the Grand Old Party!
 Hello - did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson? I've heard that. It's hard to believe that Trump isn't even in the top. 
 Good morning! Do you like politics? Hi, tricky question.  I like following political news but talking it can sometimes be difficult.
 Do you think it is OK for the opposing party to criticize past presidents? I am not sure, I think instead of bringing people down by bringing up negative stuff about other people,  that people should just say positive things about themselves. 
 hey there, do you know much about us politics? somewhat, lets talk about the senate. they used the same gavel for 165 years until nixon cracked it
 How are you? Did you know the Republican party was founded in 1854? Never knew that! It was founded by anti-slavery activists, economic modernizers, ex-National Republicans, ex-Free Soilers and Whigs. It seems to have changed though. 
 Did you know the Republican Party is also referred to as the GOP (Grand Old Party)? I've heard that. It's crazy to think that there hasn't been a president who wasn't democrat or republican since 1853. Maybe time for more than two parties?
 Have you heard of the idiots who hung nooses outside the Capitol building in Mississippi? I did, that was absolutely awful, I don't think they have found them yet.
 Hello, are you particularly interested in politics? I am very interested in politics, though it's hard to stay keep up with Trump, Pence, and most of the Republican party these days.
 Hi, how are you? Good, thanks for asking.  Keeping an eye on the nation's politics, especially the presidency which is quite a prominent role.
 do you know much about the us senate? Yes I know that they had the same gavel for 165 years until Nixon broke it
 The Virginia House trying to expand medicare using Trump and Pence is an odd occurance I agree. House Speaker M. Kirkland Cox (R-Colonial Heights) contends that expanding the federal-state health-care program during the Trump administration offers the "best chance for conservative reforms."
 Are you familiar with the US elected positions like the senate or president? Yes.  I know the U.S. senate just had  a runoff featuring a black democrat.
 Hello there, do you know much about politics in general? Yes I follow it a lot.  It is awful what Republican leaders are doing.  They will not stand up to Trump at all.
 did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 wealthiest presidents? Like that must be adjusted for inflation I did not. That would be an interesting thing to look into. Speaking of presidents, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana?
 Hey there. The President is something else, huh. He sure travels all over too. yes he is always on news 
 Do you follow politics much? Every once in a while I'll see an article that catches my eye Yeah from time to time. Do you know much about the Senate in the US?
 Have you ever followed the story of the Zodiac killer? Yes I am listening to a podcast about him.  It took a long time to catch him!
 Are you familiar with the Website IMDB? Yes I've heard of it before. I use it almost every day actually, what about you? I do know that Amazon owns them
 Hello - how are you today? I am doing great. How about you.
 Hey there.  Here's hoping you're not in Florida's Gulf Coast.  Seems to be storm central Yea, people had to be evacuated due to Subtropical Storm Alberto
 Hi do you use your phone much? Hi there, yes quite a bit actually. Do you know who invented the dial phone?
 Hi, do you know much about telephones? Yes I do.  New York has the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone
 hi how are you doing? do you like to travel? I'm well. I do enjoy travel. I hope one day to make it overseas but time will tell. Do you travel a lot?
 Hello! Do you like to travel? I love to travel when i have the money and time. which is not often these days. LOL You?
 Hi! Are you a traveler? Somewhat, mostly domestically.  Have you ever heard of U2's song, "With or Without You"?
 Do you think that the American culture doesn't prioritize families? Are parent doing their job? I think there is less and less prioritizing on families and family life as time goes on. 
 Meagan Duhamel and Eric Radford seemed really skilled, they won a lot of titles. what are they skilled at?
 Hello. Hi
 Hello Friend, do you do Facebook?  It was founded in 2004 and I have been on ever since then.  I do some.  Do you travel much?
 The dutch are creating a commuter bus which goes 160mph!  That is crazy! Wow! I guess that is definitely one way to travel. Do you prefer to travel on foot, bike, car, or other means?
 Hi there. Telephones are great, but we can talk using our computers too. Yep, I last used a landline about 13 years ago. Crazy to think the cablese that carry phone traffic are only about 3 inches wide and just lay on the ocean floor.
 Do you follow Olympic figure skating?  No, I don't really know much about the sport.
 Do you enjoy traveling? Hi, yes traveling is a hobby of mine.Ya know the first king who traveled around the world was hawaiian.
 Parenting has certainly changed since i was a child. How about you? It does seem a bit different now a day, I feel like our culture is not concerned enough about family values.
 do you like to travel? Yes I do a lot. Did you hear of the fast bush the dutch are building?
 The NBA is the basketball league in North America, it consists of 30 teams. Oh wow I didn't know there were 30 teams. 
 Hi, how are you? Fine. what about you ?
 Hey there how should you watch the NBA? They are apparently made up of about 30 teams Wow!! That a lot of teams. Do you happen to know when the league was founded?
 Hey there my friend you ever watch the NBA? NBA stands for National Basketball Association and is made up of 30 teams I have a few times.
 Hey do you think Kobe Bryant is going to play in the Big 3 League next year I hear that he may now but I can't imagine that. 
 Are you a fan of basketball? I am, I like the game, are you a fan?
 Good evening!  Are you an NBA fan? I try to watch the finals. especially if golden state is in them. You?
 Do you like cars? They are useful. I have a fiat now.
 Hey there. Are you a fan of rap music? Hey, I am a little.  I used to listen to it a lot.  Rap has come a long way from DJ Hollywood delivering rhymes.  Do you like rap?
 Hi, how are you? Ok. Did you know the president of Sri Lanka gave Reagan a baby elephant? That's nuts! I wish someone would give me an elephant
 Hi, how are you? Do you have crocodile insurance? I do not, what does that cover?
 What's up? Did you know Ronald Regan recieved a baby elephant as a gift? No, I didn't know that, was this an award or a gift?
 hello, do you know much about presidents? I know some things like Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PhD
 good morning to you! Hello.  Looks like a great day.
 Do you know many facts about computers? I'm an IT pro, so I know a few. I've been on computers since I was a kid in the early 90s. I played the original Doom.
 Hello! So have you followed the Mueller investigation? I try to stay in touch with it, I hear it is due to be delivered to the Attorney General soon.
 hey there, do you attend meetings? well I do attend them for work sometimes, and yes we call them meetings but I think I'm going to call them summits from now on haha
 Hello there, are you a fan of the NFL? Hello, I am not a fan of the NFL. I watch it if my family watches it.
 My article is about fighting ALS Do you know the details of ALS?
 Have you been following the Michael Cohen and Mueller media circus? Sadly no, I do not have the time to. What about you?
 Hi. Do you like horses? Good afternoon, yes, I do like horses.  How about you?
 How good are your horsemanship skills? Hello there, I am not very good, I think I have only gone riding once before.  How about you?
 Did you know President Coolidge had a real electric horse to ride? Wow! I did not. That's so interesting. I like horses. I think they're so interesting. I especially like racehorses.
 hi, do you like horses? Hello - yes, I think they are very cool creatures. What about you?
 Do you listen to classical music at all? I think it is kind of funny that a shopping center in australia play it in order to stop teens from loitering. That is one way to do it. I do not really.  However this music does span across many eras.  This also refers to the period from 1750-1820.
 Do you like Classical Musica?  I do, I listen to classical music when I want to focus or when I have a tight deadline in front of me, what about you?
 How's it going, do you like classical music? It refers to music composed since the 6th century I am actually a huge fan of classical music. Classical music is everywhere!
 Hi, how are you doing on this very fine evening? I'm doing good. Just relaxing to some classical music. Are you familiar with the genre?
 Hello,  do you like to travel? I love traveling!
 do you like the NFL? Yes I do. Did you know that women can play too?
 Do you follow the Miss America contest? I used to love it as a kid. I thought I'd play piano or rider horses in the talent contest and win!
 Hi do you like to watch television? Yes! It's a great medium for entertainment. Do you watch it?
 do you know much about governments? Some stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?
 Hi how are you? Hi, I'm pretty good, yourself? Are you a football fan?
 Hi, do you like pianos?  Did you know that an aluminum grand piano was built for the lounge of the airship Hindenburg and it weighed 356 pounds? hi how are you? That seems very light for a piano! I wonder how it sounded. Tinny?
 Good morning, did you know that myspace turned down an offer to buy facebook? Hello there, I think I have heard about that before, such a huge missed deal for them!
 I have a Facebook account. How about yourself? Hello, I do as well. I don't use it very often though.
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff like WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
 Hi there!  Do you know that the white house has been the residence of every U.S. president since John Adams in 1800. woah! must be an old house! i think it was only rebuilt once too
 What do you think about the criminal justice reform that passed the Senate recently? The one with Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky), I've heard it was stalled becaue McConnell is reluctant to fracture his caucus.
 What was your view on the whole Kavanaugh debate? I do not want to offer my opinion on such a sensitive topic. I do know some fun facts about the Senate though. Did you know they have used the same gavel for 165 years?
 Hi, how are you? Good, thanks. How are you? Have you seen the White House before?
 Hello Hello
 How are you liking our President? Eh...I had high hopes.  But, he's let me down so far. 
 I didn't know there were twins of the white house in france and ireland. Did you? Hello - I didn't know that either. Did you know Roosevelt banned Christmas trees from the white house?
 Do you follow politics? Good morning.  Yes, I follow politics a little.  What about you?
 What do you think about the sexual assault allegations agains Brett Kavanaugh I think there is something there but I do not think there is enough for him to lose his ability to be confirmed. You?
 The White House is a place with a lot of history dont you think? Hello there, yeah it sure does, since 1801 I think. 
 The president sure does an important job Some might say he does a bad job at an important job lol. It's too bad there's not a backup to balance out his worse impulses; until 1805, the runner-up in the election became VP. One can only wonder how Hillary Clinton would influence decisions with her perspective.
 Do you follow the US senate? I do somewhat.  I know that there is 100 US senators.  2 from each state.
 The whole Kavanaugh is a contentious issue, agreed? Sure it is. What do you think about him?
 Do you follow American politics? Some,  I am not surprised that the first phone number in the white house was 1. lol
 What do you think of this president I'm not so much of a fan of him, although I am willing to tolerate him. How about you?
 hey there did you know that JFK was one of the wealthiest US presidents? No, I did not know though... I did know George Washington was one as well.  I wonder where JFK got all his money from... I mean, what type of business his family was into.. 
 do you like the piano I love it. DId you know the BBC once played only piano all day?
 Car is the motor vehicle used for transportation on roads and make more comfortable travelling. In Ohio, it is against the law to warm up your car!
 Do you watch a lot of TV?  I do enjoy watching TV what about yourself? 
 I loved Heather Locklear, i didn't realize she was also in Scrubs What do you think about Heather Locklear's career? Her achievements and blemishes?
 Hello, isnt it amazing how we can access many services though the internet Yes, it is. The Internet is a modern miracle, though some of the terminology is odd. I didn't know that the little icon with three horizontal stripes is called the hamburger button.
 How familiar are you with how the internet actually works? I can't say that I'm super famlliar, what I do know is that in Finland, internet access is a literal personal right haha
 Heather Locklear used to be a big star Yes, back in the 1990's. I really never watched things she was in like Melrose Place.
 How's it going, did you know the 3 horizontal line menu on webpages is called a hamburger button? I did not! Do you know why it's called that?
 good morning to you! Good morning to you as well!
 Hello, do you know a lot about taxes? I do know that all of those pennies on the dollar plans are frauds.
 Hi, do you know much about the presidents? Hello! I don't follow a lot of politics, but one fact I heard recently was that Trump is not one of the three wealthiest presidents in US history!
 Do you like the FIFA World Cup?  I do like the FIFA World Cup it's crazy that it's awarded every 4 years except when it wasn't held during World War II
 Hi there are you a soccer fan? I like soccer, mostly just when the World Cup is around, are you a fan?
 Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office?  Did he really? That's kind of funny! I also think it's funny that the US president's guest house is actually bigger than the white house itself. It's like, I didn't even know the president had a guest house!
 Do you like basketball much? It's not one of my most favorite sports because I'm a little on the short side so I was never very good at it! How about you?
 hi, how are you doing over there on that side of the internet? Fine.  Have you seen the movie "Girlfriend". 
 Can you believe they are scouting high schoolers from the class of 2020?  Who is doing that? Basketball teams?
 Are you a basketball fan? I am, what about you?
 Hello, Cars are certainly popular throughout many places of the world. Did you know that in South Africa it is legal to equip your car with a flame thrower to prevent carjacking. Wow! Yes, that is quite interesting since they can be dangerous. Do you know how cadillac got its name?
 Hey there do you drive a car? I drive mine to work everyday haha what about you Same here. Do you know why the trunk of the car is called that?
 hi how are you doing over thee? do you like to travel? Hey there, Yes, traveling is wonderful.
 I love pop music is makes me want to dance, How about you? Hello there, I do like pop music, but not all songs.
 Hi, how are you? I'm fine. Did you know that Hillary Clinton used to be a republican?
 Hello, are you a Republican or Democrat? I am a republican, how about you?
 How's it going? Did you know the size of the entire Universe is till unknown? I think I did know that! The universe is so crazy. There are people who believe that the universe is actually virtual reality. Did you know that (though it's impossible) if you folded paper 103 times, it would be as thick as the universe that we can observe?
 Hello. What do you think of the universe? Well, I think it's vast and that our human minds can't even begin to comprehend it.
 Hey there!  Are you a basketball fan?  I am Bulls fan and we stink!  We are probably as good as the Lakers though which is funny since they had such high expectations. I'm a little bit of a fan. I watch some of the Spurs games.  Have you heard of Tim Duncan?
 Hi!  Did you hear Magic Johnson defending Lebron? I guess there were accusations that LeBron was ignoring the calls his coach was making
 Hello, do you watch NBA? I sometimes watch the NBA, usually around the playoffs. What about you?
 Hi!  Do you enjoy the NBA? Hey there, I do actually quite a bit. How about you?
 Are you a fan of basketball? I like LeBron James, I think he's really good I am not really that much of a fan of basketball, but everyone knows LeBron James.
 Do you consider yourself a basketball fan? Not really. But I do like to watch good game, I can learn a lot from it.
 Hi, do you like to talk to a complete stranger about your political leanings? Sure. I do have an interest in politics.
 Hello, how do you feel about assault rifles? A rifle is a rifle.  The term "assault" means nothing other than its superficial characteristics.  A bullet from an AR-15 will kill just as a bullet from a hunting rifle.  
 Hello, do you follow politics? I do. Do you?
 The republican party is full with controversy Is that right?  Why do you say that?
 There are a lot of Democratic candidates running for President - they want to be the head of state in the US Yes, there is! Do you like politics?
 Hello my name is MIsty how are you? Hi. The last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr.
 Hi, how are you? It's interesting how Trump has such loyal supporters that they would wait in a lawn chair before an event where he will be attending.
 I think our government is failing us and it's primarily the President's fault. I do not believe that. I believe that the media is making it look that way.
 Do you follow politics at all? I actually do. My Twitter is full of it, lol. I thought Obama had a PHD, but I guess Wilson was the only president who has one.
 Hello do you know much about the presidents? Yeah here and there. DO you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
 I think it is interesting that the President is not just a term for the US.  Many other countries have Presidents too Interesting I know Guatemala is one that does this.  I wonder what some other ones are.
 Hi! Are you a voter? Yea, it's pretty crazy a chimpanzee got 400,000 votes in a mayoral election
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff, like who the three wealthiest guys are so far, and you?
 Hey! Are you interested in politics? I do follow a bit, right now everything political is so tense, especially with Trumps comments.
 Can you believe the first president of Zimbabwe was called "President Banana"? That's pretty crazy  hahaha thats wierd.  1988 a chimpanzee received 400.000 votes in a mayoral election in rio de janeiro, coming in third place.
 Good Morning! Have you been to any concerts lately? No, in fact I don't quite remember my last concert. Like the Ramone who probably don't remember their first concerts, they have been touring for 20 years. 
 Hello. Do you prefer either republican or democrats when voting? Hello.  I would rather not answer that. Are you comfortable answering such a question?
 Hey, have you heard about the AR-15? I have, I dont know much about guns but it seems like its a popular gun. It is quite a scary model
 Hi there, Do you know much about world presidents? I know alot about presidents actually, for instance the only president to have a PhD was Woodrow Wilson. He was president in the early 20th century
 Hi.  Did you vote in the mid-term elections? Yeah, I did it via mail though...how about you?
 Hello, do you want to chat about the President, Voting, or the Republicans?   Hey how is it going, I'm down for whatever. Voting is pretty patriotic though, unlike the President.
 How's it going, did you know president is a common title for heads of states in most republics? hi how are you? yes, the title is widely used but it seems to have many meanings
 Hey how are you, what do you think of the president I think he is doing good, did you know that the U.S. President's guest house is larger than the White House?
 Hey how's it going? I think voting is so important. Astronauts even vote from space. I agree.  I'm personally Republican.  I don't have a beard, but every US President with a beard has been a Republican.
 Hi!  Do you follow politics? Yes. Vote, too. You?
 Did you know the president of Indoensia has released 3 pop albums while in office?  That is pretty wild, it would be like Trump doing more Celebrity Apprentice shows.
 Hi there! How cool is it that the three richest Presidents in history were Washington, Jefferson and JFK? that is really odd, i take it that is adjusted for inflation? those are two different time periods
 hey did you know that the only presidents to sport beards have been republicans? I did not, I was surprised to learn that the president's guest house is bigger than the White House.
 Are you comfortable talking about politics? Uhhhh more or less. 
 Hello,  do you like music or dance?  Its so crazy that ballet dancers go through about 4 pairs of shoes in about a week!  I like music! I did not know stevie wonder was at the white house that much.
 How's it going, did you know audio cassettes albums began in the 1970s? I didn't know that. What about CDs, in the 80s? 
 They say that even the ushers dance at a Stevie Wonder concert. I heard that! Awesome! Do you have a favorite Album?
 Some of those skills are interesting, my kid is going to college soon and I bet they will come in handy. Which ones in particular or do you want them to have them all?
 Do you still go to the library frequently? I haven't been in awhile, but I should go because they carry video games now. How about you?
 I love reading books and the library has so many sources of information available to you I love reading, but I'm also a big television and internet streaming fan.
 Did you ever go to college? What are the skills that you think we're the most necessary to your success I did.  What you learn in college is very different from what you need for real life success.  Like how to buy a house, insurance, medical stuff...
 Do you watch much television? I do like to watch TV, what about you?
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? I enjoy movies and television shows.  Do you use Facebook?
 Do you have a facebook account? Yes, I do. Speaking about facebook, did you know that 1/3 of all divorce filings in the US in 2011 contained the word 'facebook'? Astonishing, right?
 Have you ever played the board game Monopoly? Yeah. My kids love it but hate it when I win. Lol
 Hi, how are you? Hey I'm doing well thank you. Have you ever played the game monopoly.? It is available in more than 103 countries.
 Do you know much about the government? SOme stuff. Do you know what wikileaks is?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in comedies? I love comedies!  How about you
 Hi, Do you like watch television? I do. Are you excited about this new show called Champions?
 What did you do today? I watched television. I watched television as well I watched The Simpsons, so funny how homer keeps on switching jobs
 Hello, do you like baseball? I'm a big fan!  Do you like it?
 Greetings! Hi have you played the game monopoly
 Are you a fan of our president? I sure am. Are you? 
 Hello, were you aware that the first Zimbabwean president was referred to as "President Banana"? I didn't know that. I wonder why? Speaking of presidents have you heard that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office? Can you imagine if one of our presidents had done that?
 good morning to you! Good morning.  Did you know there was an Inventors Hall of Fame?
 Hello, did you vote in the last election? Yes I did. How about you?
 Hiya Turkey Hey there do you like football? My favorite team is the Patriots 
 hey there, do you vote regularly during elections? I always vote and am glad the Democrats got control of the house. Its crazy people blame them for the shutdown when Trump couldn't get his wall when the Republicans ran everything
 I know a poll is saying Trump is responsible for the shutdown.  What do you think? I agree, Trump has caused a lot of division and its not a coincidence its the biggest shutdown in history.
 Hello! How are you today? I am doing well, yourself?
 Hello,  how are you doing?  Do you like football? The university of iowa's locker room for visiting football teams is completely painted pink I guess the pink is meant to soften up the opposition. The game of football certainly has a lot of interesting history.
 Hello, do you like football? I do, especially gridiron football,not so much association football. 
 Trump's treatment of black female journalists is pretty awful, isn't it? Yes, he told a black female reporter 
 Did you hear about the cardiologist that was killed in Texas? Yes that was horrible.  He was gunned down while biking!
 Hi! How are doing today! I find politics interesting. I love all the Presidential hype. I find it interesting, too, but I get so overwhelmed when general elections happen. There's always so much drama associated with voting.
 Hello!  I'm good. How are you?
 Hi, how are you? I am ok, how are you?
 Elon Musk is in the news a lot lately.  That is one rich man who does interesting things with his money, like launch his own rocket into space. Right, his name sounds like a villain in a movie lol, he does good things with that money too
 Did you hear how the government was planning on destroying wikileaks? It was published on their website. I did hear about that. It's actually pretty scary in my opinion, that the government would try to do something like that. Also scary is that the Chinese government censor the word for censorship, that's how you know you're screwed LOL
 Do you sense that we now have a space race among private companies? I do.I find the Commercial Spaceflight Federation, which includes Space X, to be a big indicator that space flight is being privatized. 
 hi how are you? what do you think of elon musk? I think his a genius, many people might hate him but I think he is really smart, what about you?
 Up until 1805 the loser of the election became Vp. How crazy I think that system would be great nowadays. The system couldn't work worse! It would be entertaining too.
 Hello. Do you watch Youtube much? Yes. But only one time in a week. Spend only 1 hours only. What about you ?
 hi, how are you doing today? I'm great, how are you?  So, it seems like people either love Trump or hate Trump... How do you feel?
 did you know that the taller candidate wins in american politics about 75% of the time? I believe it because Trump won Hilary.  She also lost even though she won the popular vote just like five other presidents were elected while still losing the popular vote.  
 Hello how are you doing?  Do you watch much YouTube?  I was just reading some interesting facts about them.  Youtube is the second largest search engine on the net. Hi I am good. Yes I love youtube. How about you?
 What do you do online? I love watching youtube! you? The first youtube video was uploaded of a guy talking about an elephant.
 Do you like Republicans? Which Republican? I've had a few friends that said they were Republican. I'm an Independent.
 hello my friend do you know who the top 3 richest us presidents were? Hello, I dont know, maybe Tump, Obama and Clinton?
 hey there did you know washington was one of the top 3 richest Presdients? I never knew that till now. JFK was too
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  I hope you are too.  Do you spend much time on YouTube?
 I bet Trump thinks he one of the top three wealthiest presidents. do you know who they are really?  yeah, I was surprised that Trump did not make the top 3, probably old data before Trump was elected
 What is your attitude toward Canada? I think they've been good to us, but Trump does not seem to like them.
 Hello, interesting fact.  every president that had a beard was Republican lol  That's funny! All Presidents since 1853 have been either Republican or Democrat
 Huge scare for Post Malone on his recent flight I guess so! Loved his response to all the haters though!
 Hi, how are you today? i'm good. Probably more comfortable than Post Malone was after his emergency airplane landing!
 How's it going, do you watch much tv? I love south Park, the simpsons sent them flowers after they aired the family guy spoof episode That is really clever, I will need to see that!
 Do you listen to the radio?  Apparently, Canadian Law requires radios to have at least 40% of music played be Canadian. That is pretty funny. I personally don't listen to the radio. I mostly listen to YouTube. And I would rather listen to classical Latin then listen to the Canadian radio LOL
 hi, do you enjoy reading? I used to read a lot in high school, I heard Starship Troopers was a good sci-fi novel, it is on the reading lists of the US military
 Hi, how are you?? Hello, I'm fine
 Hello! Did you know there is a breed of jellyfish that is immortal?  That's a bit scary!  I hope that they are extremely slow breeders or predators keep the population in check.  Otherwise, would they not eventually overrun other species?
 Hi, do you like TV? I sure do, I like to watxh the SImpsons and you?
 Hello. Are you aware that only elephants and dogs understand pointing by humans? Wait, hold on. you mean they like get the clues when we point? 
 It's so sad to read about soldiers who were left over in the Korean war I know, and it doesn't help that relations with North Korea have been all over the place
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Do you like dogs? Hey there I love dogs! We used to have a husky, what about you?
 Hello,  do you like dogs? Yes, I love dogs.
 The White House seems like an amazing place Yea and full of history, every president since 1800 has lived there
 Hi there, do you know much about the presidents? Hi yes I know some things here and there> Do you know who the three wealthiest ones are in the US?
 What do you think about the MAGA hats? Do you think states should prevent people wearing them at a polling place? No I don't think so. It sets a bad precedent, what do you think about Hope Hicks and the omerta code by the way?
 I like to read about history. Did you know that the runner up in the presidential election automatically became vice president until 1805? i had no idea about that
 Hey what do you think about Hope Hicks? She recently met with President Trump I honestly don't remember a lot about her because she left the administration a while ago. I know that when she was there she met with investigators about Russian election meddling. 
 Do you follow politics and the president? Yes, as much as I can! I try to avoid Twitter mostly.
 Hello, did you know that officials in ancient Athens were appointed by a lottery. I did not know that! That is interesting! I did know that elections were being used since the 17th century but I never knew how they did it before then.
 hi how are you? do you like the president? Mixed feelings on that one! Do you?
 hey there, do you have any interest in politics? Hey, No not really. I wish I could, there is just too much corruption in it. Nothing gets done but blaming the other side for everything.
 Hello, do you pay particular attention to politics? I try to, but it seems to be such a hostile subject nowadays.  People seem to not be able to converse without either name calling, or just being nasty.
 What do you think about the presidential pardon of the turkey at Thanks Giving ? Apparently, it's a tradition.  I'm happy for the turkeys.Lol
 Do you know who the top 3 wealthiest presidents are.  I do!  They happen to be JFK, Washington, and Jefferson!
 hello. How are you today? I am fine.  Do you have strong opinions one way or the other regarding Trump or politics in general?
 Hello.  Do you enjoy reading political news?  I just read "happy hour roundup". Hello - I do read some political news. Did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Jefferson and Washington?
 Did you hear about the turkey pardon? Yeah.  The Turkey was named Peas.
 The White House is a building with a lot of history It sure is! I have never visited it myself. Have you?
 Hi, do you agree with Trump that products made in America will make America great again? Hi I would hope so.  Hasn't really been a push for "Made in America" products in the 30 years since the 80s.  
 Have you ever visited the White House? I have not. Have you?
 How do you feel about the MAGA movement? Very negatively. How about you?
 Do you try to buy American as much as possible? If I can find them yes I do. I love that the Trump had a event showcasing American-made merchandise.
 I think politics and presidential trivia are very interesting. Do you know who the three wealthiest presidents in the US were? I believe two of them were JFK and Washington but i don't remember the third. Do you know?
 hi do you like computers? I love them. Do you know what Captcha stands for?
 Have you ever been in a hurricane? I have been in city close to hurricane activity, what about you?
 Have you had any experiences with hurricanes?  Maybe hurricane Florence? Thankfully, no. I'm preparing to move to a hurricane area, though. I'm going to construct one of those mason jar barometers when I do. 
 Hi there. Are you a fan of Disney? The Disney character Minnie Mouse is short for Minerva mouse. Yea I enjoy Disney and watching their other channels ESPN and ABC
 Do you think sexual misconduct allegations fall along partisan lines? I think it is an issue for everyone to be concerned with. I think it's too pervasive in society and was actually just harassed in the last conversation I had. 
 Hi. Are you interested in politics? A bit, as long as it doesnt get nasty I like to keep informed.
 Hello, do you watch Fox News at all? I do, mostly because it was created by a Republican media strategist.
 Do you watch Fox news? Hello,  no I havent watched that show,  any good?
 Hi, do you know what a bromance is? Yeah, I do and it seems that the presidet and French president might have one.
 Pilgrims didnt just wear black clothes, that is a new fact for me That's interesting. I never knew Greeks made clothing out of asbestos, sounds like a bad idea
 What do you think about the Miss America pageant over the years? I don't know what to say about that.... I guess it's cool? What about you?
 Hello!  Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was named Banana? lol Good afternoon.  No, I didn't know that.  How funny!
 Hi, how are you? Good and you?  Do you watch football and did you know there are different kinds of football?
 Do you know much about politics? I know some stuff. Did yiu know ever republican president has had a beard?
 hey there my friend do you drive cars? I do drive a car. Do you?
 The world already has competitions for talent and achievement in all field. True. They have competitions from things like cars to even fish
 Hi! Are you interested in politics? Hi I am somewhat. DId you know Hillary Clinton was the leaders of young republicans once?
 Have you heard of Marine Serre?  I only know a bit about Marine Serre.  What is your opinion of her?
 Have you ever tried to sew yourself an outfit? Maybe some clothes like jeans or a shirt? Never I just buy them. You? I never knew apple had a clothing line!
 I love clothes. did you know that Pilgrim clothing was full of color ? Wow. did you know that An african tribe still wears victorian clothes
 Did you know every president that has had a beard has been a republican?  That's weird. I always think of very clean cut men when I think of Republicans or presidents, for that matter. That said, the president of Indonesia has 3 pop albums, so, crazier things have happened.
 Hello did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? wow I didn't know that, have you been to the3 white house to confirm? that sounds fishy haha
 I need to run to Target later - did you know that Target is over 100 years old? hi how are you? Really? that seems too old. where did it start?
 Wow 12 years for flying a drone that a lot of time Definitely.  Do you know how the Target corporation started?
 hi, do you know much about world presidents? I know a little bit, I heard that the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums while in office!
 Hello, do you watch Netflix? I watch Netlfix all of the time actually. 
 Hi there, do you watch Netflix? I used to subscribe to them but not anymore.  I do watch some of their productions.  It's like Blockbuster, it's sort of a gone thing for me.
 I did not know mcdonalds added drive-thru to accommodate soldiers wearing their fatigues, could not get out of the car Do you think car is useful to everyone?
 Do you have a Facebook account by any chance? I do, I have had one for about 10 years now, seems like forever. how about you?
 hey did you know that myspace actually turned down buying facebook back in 2005? No, not until now. I wish it had. I miss the old days before Facebook became a monolith. 
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? I am doing good how are you doing?
 Are you a fan of Celine Dion? Not really. She is talented performer, no doubt, but I can only handle so much of her at one time. You?
 Hello, do you travel much? Hello, yes as much as I can. Have you ever been to Japan?
 Hello!  Know any interesting facts about phones? Not a whole lot. I live in a wireless dead zone, so I rely mainly on a landline. How about you?
 Do you watch much television? No I can't say that I do. I don't have cable but I watch The Simpsons sometimes with my friends at their house, what about you
 Hi, how are you today? Do you like to use the Internet? I'm good. I love using the internet. It's pretty amazing how it links devices worldwide.
 Telephone is a device which connect two or more people to have conversation. That is great, do you have one?
 Bezos is the founder of Amazon. com,  he flies very often in his own jet. It must be nice having your own jet.  It makes sense he has one though, because there has been more than 20 locations executives had toured for their second headquarters.  
 Hello. Do you do much traveling? I do, I love to travel. Though I don't think I could do that bus in the Netherlands designed to travel 160 mph.
 do you like cars? I love cars. Did you know in Ohio is illegal to warm them up?
 Jeff Bezos is surely a genius, Amazon is a great company I just love it Me too i think he should run for president. 
 Do you like cars?  I do!  The car brand Cadillac was named after Antoine de la Mothe Cadillac - the same French explorer who was the founder of Detroit.
 Do you travel much? All the time.
 Hi there!  Do you know much about telephones? I know I feel like I cant live without my iPhone.
 Good Morning! How are you today? Im great, do you ever use Lyft or Uber? 
 Do you like to travel?  Yes love to travel,  how about yourself?
 Hello.  Do you remember the news story about a false missile alert in Hawaii last January? Yeah that was crazy. The phone alert. And it specifically said it wasn't a drill-wow!
 Hi there are you a fan of the internet or interwebs as I like to call it?   Yeah  i love using it, what are your thoughts on the upcoming 5G network. 
 do you know much about governments? Some stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?
 Hey there. Do you use Amazon often? I use prime all the time. It's hard to believe it's been around since 1994. Hello, I do use it and I have prime as well.  Yeah crazy how long it's been. 
 good morning! Are you an amazon fan? I am. It's so convenient! I didn't realize that had been around since 1994!
 hi, do you know much about presidents? I know a little bit.  Some odd facts here and there.  Like Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration, and John Wilkes Booth was in that photo.
 Do you watch Fox News? I didn't know it was owned by Sean Hannity Not usually.  I get my news on the internet.  
 Are you a fan of our current president? Yes and no. He is definitely one of the wealthiest and I bet he tops JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Hi Do you watch Fox news? Hi, sometimes, but I had not realized that it is more watched than CNN
 Hi there , do you know much about the presidents? Good afternoon, I know a little.  How about you?
 Hi there! You ever watch Fox News? I am curious to know because it is watched more than msnbc and cnn combined. I have seen it is passing but would never watch it due to my opinions on Rupert Murdoch.
 Hi, do you watch fox news? Not really. I don't watch much TV. You?
 Hey how are you doing? Did you watch the White House Correspondents' dinner this year? I did not. I have lost interest in hearing WH correspondents grandstanding. In this partisan environment, I think this tradition should be canceled.
 Do you like watching the White House Correspondents Dinner? Not really. Did you know the presidents guest house is actually bigger than the white house?
 The white house for being the home of the president has some very odd quirks.  Yeah, I heard they still store files on floppy disks. 
 Hello, do you watch Fox news? Hi!  I watch Fox news sometimes, but I'm not a huge fan.  Even though I'm a conservative, I don't care about news outlets that are obviously biased.  How about you?
 hi, do you know much about presidents? Hi did you visited white house
 So, you spend much time on the Internet?  I know I do, there's just so much info out there.  They say that constantly clicking on links can cause real addiction that can actually be measurable on the brain!  Wild, huh? That is wild and I do spend quite a bit of time online. I never realized that I could be addicted just because of the links I click on.  
 Do you have a favorite drama show or movie? Yes, I have many favorite movies, although not a lot of drama. I love comedy and fiction more. What is yours?
 Are you a big fan of sports at all? Looking forward to March Madness. Are you (and your kids) rooting for a favorite team?
 Now, there telling the NCAA to stop showing kids crying after their team loses.  I think that it is just happening too often! They should show kids laughing too.
 Good morning. Have you ever seen the White House? I never have. But apparently it has twin buildings in Ireland and France. Good morning.  Actually I have been, when I was a school kid we went on a field trip.  It's kind of smaller than you would think and the president's guest house ie even larger than it.  I didn't know about the twin builds, though.
 hi! Hello hows it going?  i had no clue the white house has others in ireland and france.  weird.  I wonder what they use it for lol 
 Are you big facebook user? Sort of, I had an account since it was founded back in 2004, you?
 I was reading that the white house has twin buildings in ireland and france Very interesting! And how about that Michael Wolff scandal?
 Hi there!  Are you a facebook fanZ? Hello there, yeah I use Facebook but not as much as I used to, how about you?
 Did you hear about the Civilian DC police department employee being charged?  I did. To me it sounds like something that would have happened back in the 20s in chicago or something. Not something you would hear about these days.
 Do you like to listen to the radio? I heard soldiers used to make their own and called them foxhole radios.  Makes sense to get over boredom. I do listen on the way to work mostly
 Did you ever have an old rotary phone?  I was always jealous of NY having an area code of 212 - much easier to dial than my 804 The phone has come a long way since the rotary. Its not just used for long distance voice communication anymore
 Are you a fan of the NFL? I watch the NFL every weekend and I am sad that it is over for the season. So cool it's been around since 1920.
 Hello, do you like cars? Hi, I love cars very much. Particularly BMW car was favorite one.
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I'm all right, and yourself?
 I am a fan of Disney, but it was sad to hear that Disney considered shutting down their animation studio after one movie failed. Yeah I usually like most Disney movies myself.  I didn't hear that, do you know what movie it was?
 Hi, do you like cars? I do, I am a fan of cars, a wheeled motor vehicle that gives you freedom, what about yourself?
 I love Barcelona, what team are you a fan of? I don't pay much attention to soccer. I do like to watch the World Cup. 
 Football is the team sports it is called by different name in different place. But the same rule is used in every place. It is, but here in the US they also call another sport football, which I think is pretty dumb. 
 Hi there, do you like comedies? Yes I like comedies, but I like action movies more, what about you? 
 do you like comedies? Yes I do Have you ever seen Kung Fu Hustle?
 Hello! How are you today? Good, and you? Are you on Netflix? I'm curious about which is the cheapest deal between them and Amazon Prime.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like Netflix? Hey! I love it! I can't believe it's been around since 1997!
 I love stand-up and comedy movies. Do you enjoy comedies? I do love comedies! It's interesting that the green dragon was going to be a comedy, I wonder if it's on netflix. Do you like netflix?
 Are you a fan of Netflix? I am, are you?
 How's it going? Do you watch Netflix? They have 137 million total subscribers worldwide. Yes, I am one of those subscribers.I love no commercials the most. I would not mind working for Netflix someday either. 
 Hello!  Do you use Netflix? Hi, there. Yes, I love Netflix. Did you know that Blockbuster actually declined to buy them for $20 million? 
 Hi, do you follow politics? Hello, I follow some loosely, how about you?
 Hi do you like horror films? Yea, I never knew you could burn 180 calories watching a horror movie
 Hi hello, lets talk about mars, it is the second smallest plant in our solar system, and fourth from the sun. 
 Hello! Do you like horror films? Hi, how are you? Horror is not really my favorite genre, though I have seen some of the famous ones.
 do you know much about Mars? I know that sounds on Mars have a different pitch
 Hi!  did you hear about the Mars Rover dying? I did! That was so sad. 
 hi, do you like horror movies? I do to an extent, what is your favorite movie?
 Hello! Are you a fan of horror movies? Of course. I recently read that watching horror movies can burn more than 180 calories. 
 Hi are you a music fan? Hello there, I sure am, how about you?
 hey there, do you like music? I listen to a lot of music. Recently I've been listening to a band called the Grateful Dead.
 That Dead Article was really interesting. yes. I can't believe their music is still alive and well with generations that never even saw jerry garcia
 Are you/were you a Grateful Dead Fan? I must admit I never was huge fan, but I know that a lot of people loved them.  How about you?
 It was so sad to hear about the Parkland shooting.  Watching the video that was uploaded online is awful. Yes it was very sad. I can't believe it happened on February 14th AKA Valentine's Day that sucks
 Hey how are you? How you ever been to a concert? Linkin Park has played in 324 concerts in 2001 alone! I've only been to a handful of concerts in my life. Never got to see them live :/ The Ramones beat them, though...touring non-stop for almost 20 years
 Did You know that the 3 horizontal line menu on apps and websites is called a hamburger button ? yes i know
 Hello, do you know much about Earth? Hi, how are you? I do not,unfortunately.
 So, Mike Pence gave a speech about creating space czar. What do you think of that? I read about the speech, I am not sure, it seems a little confusing to me.
 hello, do you know much about presidents? I sure do. Do you know who the three wealthiest are in the us?
 hi what are your thoughts on D Day I don't really like war but the soldiers who fought during D Day sure were brave. And without their sacrifices the fascist dictators may not have been eliminated.
  Hi, how are you? Do you like this planet of ours? Yes, I do it's my home.  Earth is the third planet from the Sun and the only astronomical object known to harbor life. We should be taking better care ot it
 Some feel Trump is trying to minimize D-Day Sorry, i don't know this. Please explain me.
 Do you support DT's campaign of treating our allies like enemies and our enemies like friends? I'm familiar with that campaign.  More than 80 percent of the earth's natural forests have already been destroyed
 Hello, are you a fan of TV shows? Sure! I used  to love the show House, starring Hugh Laurie. Ever seen it? Great drama! 
 Hi I was wondering if you are a fan of the Sopranos. Drama is the specific mode of performance which is performed in theatre, television or radio.
 Do you like drama tv shows? I don't watch much TV, but I enjoy dramas when I do. What about you?
 Hey there did you ever watch the TV show The Sopranos? Saw some episodes. The late James Gandolfini was great as a New Jersey mobster. Did you see any episodes from its 6 seasons?
 Are you a fan of dramas? Hello there, I am a fan of dramas I think they can tell a really good story.  How about you?
 Ever watch the Sopranos? I have, the show is really good do you like it?
 Hello there, I hope you are doing well today.  Do you know much about the current U.S. president? Hello,  Yes,  I am doing well thank you.  I do not know much about him.  I believe he is the wealthiest president we have.  before him jfk,  Washington and Jefferson were the wealthiest presidents. 
 Hello did you know Asian nations are likely to welcome warmer relations. I did not know that.  It would seem that Japan and China are not on good terms since 2010 when the Chinese trawler rammed a Japanese Coast Guard ship.
 Hi there. Government is so important and I am so glad we have a democracy here in the USA! I am too. I just wish our government could sometimes be as sincere as Norway's government. They donated $1 Billion to help save the Amazon Rainforest. 
 Hey there! Happy Friday! Let's get into it? Are you a fan of the president? yes, lets! I am not really a fan of the president.
 hello,  do you know much abut the government, president or prime minister?  Did you know when you turn 100 in Japan the prime minister gives you a cup?  lol  I learned about the legislative, executive, and judiciary branches in school. It's a great checks and balances system.
 Do you watch Game of Thrones! It's one of my favorite fantasy genre show/film Yeah im waiting for the last season that's only gone to be 6 episodes. 
 Hey, how are you doing today? Morning. I'm okay, now that I've had breakfast. Thankfully, McDonalds installed those drive-thrus to accomodate US soldiers.
 Do you know who Derrious Guice is? I guess he is a rookie for the Redskins? I don't understand why he's important though haha? Can you explain it to me
 Hey there. I was driving through McDonalds and remembered that the reason that they have a drive thru was for the soldiers of america. Have you ever heard that story? I have heard that story. How nice. I wonder why they couldn't go into McDonalds?
 do you like cars? sure do. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?
 Do you ever play fantasy football? I don't, but I know it's really popular. There are so many differenr fantasy "sports"
 Hi there.  Did you know that Ford made the first car available to the masses in 1908 and it was the Model T? I didnt know that, do you know who made the first car ever? was it Ford also?
 Have you heard about the Sydney Loofe case?  The butcher of Tinder?  Unfortunately, yes. I guess they got him though.
 Hello, do you watch TV shows? If so, which ones are your favorite? Yes I do....Big Bang Theory and the Orville.  What about you?
 Do you follow the Miss America contest? Hello - I do not. What about you?
 hey there, do you use a computer? As we text, yes. I'm not a transhumanist or anything. Like, I don't think I'll be uploading my consciousness to a thumb drive anytime soon, but I use a computer. You?
 Hello - how are you doing? Good!  Do you watch much TV?
 How horrifying to go through a trauma like a school shooting only to be then inundated with claims that you are a crisis actor. I couldn't even imagine going through something so horrific and seeing my friends die. School shootings seem way too common of a thing nowadays; so sad. 
 hi there! how are you doing ? Hey,  im doing great,  how are you?  Did you watch the simpsons?  In the first 400 episodes, homer simpson has held 188 jobs.
 Hello, do you watch much tv? Hey there, I watch TV from time to time. I do like South Park in The Simpsons. I also watch Netflix but I don't know if that counts as TV LOL
 Hello, Lets talk about Facebook. Myspace could have purchased Facebook back in 2005 for 75 million.  Yeah, and now it's such a huge company, with more people on it than there was people in world centuries ago.
 Hi there! Do you live in a state that legalized marijuana? Yeah, It has been legalized since October. 
 Do you watch much television? I do like to watch TV one of my favorite passtimes, do you have a favorite show?
 Hey, ever use Facebook? I do, it is the primary source of news for 30% of American adults. Do you use facebook your self?
 What do you think about Robots? That's a tough call.  I've seen them replace workers at my job so I'm not a fan from that aspect of it.  However a robot can debone a chicken with surgical precision!
 Are you a star wars fan? Yes.. Absolutely and U are star wars fan?
 Hello there, do you know much about robots? No, I do not.  What about you?
 Hi there? Did you know Myspace turned down an offer to purchase Facebook? I have heard a time or two of such an event.
 hello do you like facebook? Yes, I do. Did you hear about Kolbie Sanders giving away her wedding venue to someone on Facebook?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in politics? Not too much, though it's hard to get away from it these days! Are you?
 One thing you can say about Trump: He is no robot! Am I right? Did you know robots can be controlled by rat brains? That must be a fun experiment.
 Hi do you listen to the radio still? Hello, I actually do. I'm close enough to the border of Canada, and was surprised to find out that Canadian law requires 40% of all music played to be Canadian. Are there even that many Canadian artists?
 How's it going, do you listen to radio much? It's quite complicated how electromagnetic energy waves are transmitted into sound Yes. I listen often. Yes its complicated. I never think of that. I guess  i take radio for granted.
 Hello.  Do you like country music? Hi! I'm not the biggest fan but I like some of the individual instruments involved, like banjos and electric guitars are definitely cool.
 Do you listen to the radio anymore? Hello there. Yes sometimes. Mainly if I'm in the car and can't reach my phone to play from it. Do you?
 Good morning.  Did you watch the Oscars? This is one of the few years that I did not but I watched the highlights the next day. 
 Good morning. Good morning. Are you still subscribing to cable television?
 Do you watch tv? Yeah, I was checking out some South Park the other day.
 Hello, do you like to watch TV? I do. What do you like to watch?
 Are you familiar with Kellyanne Conway? I've seen her on the news, and heard her speak a bit.  She seems to be a pseudo-communications lead for the current White House.  It's got to be a tough job.
 I have learned that a CNN person thinks that Kellyanne Conway is wrong when she says, "No evidence of collusion"  Big surprise that a CNN person would assert that! Well, I was hoping not to enter into politics, but , I think Kellyane Conway is a politic figure. 
 The president is the function head of the government and the council of ministers. His main duty to protect the people and bring welfare scheme to the improvement of people living in the nation. Good morning, I suppose President have differing amounts of power in different nation.
 Well, I guess there is more in the news about President Trump, Kellyanne Conway, and Fox News itself, again. Have you heard? Yeah.  Did you know fox news threatened to sue the simpsons in order to stop them from parodying the anit democratic agenda?
 Although I can't agree with someone like Jordan Peterson, I can agree that he can be thought provoking in a sense! I do agree that our many computer screens can distract us from the people directly in front of us
 Do you like to watch the NFL? Good Morning!  I do enjoy a good football game, but baseball is my favorite sport.
 Hello. Beautiful morning, The sun is shing bright. I recently found out the sun is actually white. Interesting That is interesting.  Did you know the sun produces enough energy in a second to power the planet for years?
 ARe you a fan of television? I am!  Ive always been a Simpsons fan.  you?
 Have you read the book Pretty Little Liars?  The author has a new book coming out. YEAH. NOW I AM READING ABOUT IT
 Are you a fan of the NFL?  Hello there, I am a fan, I mostly follow my favorite team though.  How about you?
 hey there do you ever watch the NFL? I used to watch them a lot, not much anymore though Times have changed, people are more sensible to commotions, I think putting chips to monitor the player won't solve the issue. 
 Hello.  Do you watch any nfl games? I do! Which of the 32 teams is your favorite to root for?
 Good morning! How are you today? I'm just hanging out for the day. Do you like sports? Hi, I'm fine. I'm a girl so I like sports up to a point but don't play them personally.  I have heard a lot about football and the NFL lately.  I did know that the NFL has no written rule against female players.
 You an NFL fan? I am mad the season is over. It was a fun exciting season, I watched 16 games this season! Not a fan at all, really. And I'm still waiting for the Redskins to change their controversial, outdated, and offensive name :/
 Hi, how are you? Good!  You? Do you like video games?
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy Hi! I enjoy all sorts of entertainment but specifically I like tv a lot. Though I've never ever saw one episode of Pokemon before and it's been on for over 750 episodes!
 I love going to concerts.  SOmething about a live performance is so much better than listening to a track on your headphones. I used to love going to them, now not so much. I remember going to Linkin Park concert in 2001 after Hybrid Theory came out and it was great. They played like 324 concerts just in that year.
 Do you watch baseball ever? Usually during the playoffs and World Series. I do like going to games though in person. I heard Red Sox pitcher Curt Schilling was invited to join his teammates at a reunion event at Fenway. 
 do you watch this is us?  I've seen a couple episodes, I remember people were making a big deal about the character Jack Pearson's death
 Hello, do you like football? I do not know much about football. I think I know more about baseball. Like the Chicago Cubs were the first team to win back to back world series and did not win again.
 Hey how's it going? Do you have any pets? I really want to get a dog. They were the first animal species to be domesticated! I have a feral cat that I feed but I would love to get a dog as well. Domestic animals like dogs were the first species of selectively bred animals. Behaviors, physical attributes and sensory capabilities can all be bred into certain dogs that have a wide variety of shapes, sizes, and colors. All very interesting, indeed. 
 hi how are you? Do you like baseball? Hello and I think it might be unamerican not to  lol 
 Hi. Do you like baseball? I don't know a whole lot about it, I usually watch mostly during world series time.
 Do you follow the MLB? I can't say I do but I know a bit about baseball, like if you catch a ball in your hat you get 3 bases apparently
 Hey! you still buy albums at all? I think they are outdated now. Just like the audio cassette and the vinyl phased out in the 2000's! Yes, the old eight track is not around anymore either. LOL
 Hello there, do you follow baseball at all? Hello. Not really. My kids do, their favorite team is the Cubs. I didn't know they were called the Orphans.
 Good Morning! How are you today? I am doing well. Just watching a little Tv, or telly as some call it.
 Hi! Did you feel Boston was right in not inviting Schilling to join the 2004 team at Fenway? I'm a little torn but I agree he what he said about the pipe bomb terrorist was disturbing so I don't blame Boston there! No, I don't either. With all these terrorist. I didn't know baseball managers can play for their teams!
 do you enjoy listening to albums? Yes i do. Have you listened to Hybrid Theory?
 Hello. Do you own a domestic dog?  Yes her name is Dodo and she likes to run, hop, and play. You?
 How many teams are in the National Football League? 32 teams. They are divided into the NFC and the AFC. Did you know that they have a 17 week season. I wish it was 20.
 Hello! Do you like dogs/ I love dogs..my dog is next to me now
 Hello! How are you tonight? Hi, I am well. How about you?
 Do you like trousers ? haha well I do, I call them pants though, what about you?
 Hi, did you know the Zimbabwe's president was called president banana? I do not think I would want to be a president known as president banana!
 Did you know that the government owns like 85% of Nevada?? wow that is crazy, the government is weird I guess a rich billionaire bailed them out back in 1895
 Hi, how are you? I am good but I struggle with the state of our democracy and unwillingness to talk to each other.
 Hello did you know that every president with a bread has been a republican? Oh, yeah, so there's never been a bearded democrat ? I am surprised about that beards were very popular in 1800s. 
 I stayed up so late watching TV last night. There are so many things to watch these days. Did you know there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon?! Yes my queue list is huge.  There are so many shows to watch.  I love watching the Simpsons.  Did you know there is only one episode  where Bart doesn't appear or is mentioned?
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Facebook? Hi! Yes, I do, but concern about privacy. It's quite hot topic about Facebook. Are you FB user?
 Hello!  It's a rare sunny day here it seems.  Amazing what a little sun can do and how reliant we are for it. It is not here!  Cold and miserable!  I can't believe that the Parkland shooter is getting fan mail
 hey there, do you know much about politics? I think I do.
 Hello, do you watch tv? Hi yes I watch some TV. Do you use Netflix?
 hey there, do you follow celebrities much? I don't actively follow celebrities, but I do find some of them interesting when they pop up in the news in general. I find the notion of celebrity chefs to be kind of ridiculous, though.
 Good Morning! How are you today? Great, what about yourself? do you subscribe to Netflix?
 I use Netflix a lot. Do you use Netflix? I do, too. They have 137 million subscribers!
 Hello there, do you attend many concerts? Getting older and have a family now, so not as many as I used to.
 surprised espn won an emmy ESPN has been around for a while. Why are you surprised? Do you think their content is bad?
 Hello. I always like learning more about how things came to be. For example pilgrims clothing was colorful and they wore black for special occasions. That's interesting, I heard Greeks made asbestos clothing.
 I find it neat that football is regional.  Some people think soccer, some people thing rugby.  But the game is still a ball and a opposing team. Cool, do you watch alot of sports?
 Hey how's it going? Do you enjoy football? I think it's cool that there's so many variations like Canadian or Australian rules or rugby. I'm a woman so I don't play football or soccer but I love to go to live games to see all the action.  Did you know that Snoop Dogg wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team?  Is that cool or what?
 Hi, Are you having a good day? hey, im having a really good day what about you?
 hi how are you? doing good. How bout you.
 Good morning! Do you enjoy concerts? I love performances and love seeing things live! Hello, I love concerts. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in just 2001?
 Did you know that Wikileaks published the Government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? I'm guessing that plan didn't pan out so well.  I was thinking the same thing! It definitely did not work out. I think it is cool that the Norwegian govt. donated $1billion to help save the amazon rainforest.
 It looks like the wealthiest presidents in American history JFK, Washington and Jefferson! That's surprising! But not as surprising as facts about Indonesia's president - did you know that they have released 3 pop albums, while in office?
 Hi there, are you a fan of football at all? Yes big time! Did you happen to catch the superbowl?
 Hello,How are you? Do you like to go to concerts? Yes, I've gone to lots and lots of concerts but none lately. How about you, any current concerts that you went to?
 JFK was among the walthiest presidents of all time. So  have read.  But it is hard to believe that Washington and Jefferson were also. I guess adjusted for  inflation.
 do you know that steven spielberg played the clainet for the soundtrack in Jaws haha? No, I didn't know that. I didn't even think he was musical.
 Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? What do you suppose that was about? Maybe it was a nickname. Hopefully it is seen a respectful one and not like some of the names that people have called our past presidents. 
 What's your favorite music from a movie, book, or TV? The soundtrack to JAWS.  Did you know Steven Spielberg played the clarinet in it. Funny, funny stuff.
 How's it going do you watch football? Gridiron, not rugby Yes I like American football
 did you know that Pilgrims actually wore a lot of color and only wore those stereotypical black and white clothes for special occasions That's news to me. did you know that there is a store in alabama that sells clothes, cameras and other stuff left at baggage claim.
 do you like cars? I sure do . DO you know who invented the drive thru?
 What is your favorite animal? Hi. It's hard to choose. I like so many. I mean, after all there over 7 million different species on the planet.  If I had to pick off the top of my head I would say dogs, horses, and killer whales.  What are your favorites?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well. How about you?
 Hello,  did you know there about 20 quintillion individual animals on the planet earth? That's a lot of species of animals! And they all have a dominant side like we do with our writing and such
 Hi, how are you? fine and you ?
 do you like cars? I love cars. DO you know when the drive thru was invented?
 Good Morning, do you drive a car? I do drive a car.  I think it's crazy that it's legal in South Africa to attach a flame thrower to your car!
 hi how are you? I am good.  It is amazing to me how much technology is intertwined in our daily lives.  People cannot live without their Iphones
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio these days? Hello!  Yes I do!  I haven't listened to any classic rado dramas thorugh lately.
 Good afternoon to you. Do you use Google very often?It was founded in 1998. Hello!  Yes, I use Google extremely often, I find.  I am always online in one way or another and constantly looking things up.  
 Hi! Are you an animal lover? Yeah I am an animal lover, what about you?
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio much these days? I do try to, but I have heard there are huge pay gaps. 
 A lot of animals in our planet True.  its been said that animals developed white patches on their foreheads when domesticated.  I can't figure out why.  Any thoughts?
 do you like cars? I do. DO you know when the drive thru was invented?
 Do you know many facts about governments? Some of them, like how the government owns 86% of the land in Nevada, what about you ?
 I recently listened to a podcast and they said the three biggest problems with working from home was th couch, refridgerator, and bed. Do you work from home?  No, unfortunately I can't do that.  It's kinda like the Washington DC situation where there are security concerns about accessing internet with sensitive material.  
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :) Me too. Been in a good mood so hopefully this will be fun!
 Good morning, do you telecommute? Sometimes I get to telecommute. Do you get a chance to?
 what do you think about kids owning cell phones Hello,  I think it depends on their age and what restictions you can put on it.  Have you ever seen 13 reasons why?  It put a whole new perspective on how I view kids having cell phones. 
 Do you listen to the radio?  Hello,  yes sometimes,  how about yourself?
 Did ypou know that by using radio waves sound  and other information can be transmitted through space. Thats really interesting! Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.
 Do you use Facebook? Here and there to find out what people are up to, but I don't really like what a mess it's become. I think it's absurd that 30% of American adults use it as their primary news source.
 Good evening Good evening.  Do you Jupiter has radio storms that can be picked up and heard by am radion
 Hi, how are you? I'm good!  Are you a fan of dramas?
 Do you like basketball? I think I like drama better. What about you? Did you know the classic two faces symbol for drama represents comedy and tragedy?
 Hello!  Are you a basketball fan? I love basketball, how about you?
 Basketball season seems to be getting exciting.  Good game with the Wizards and the CLippers the other day. They won after being down. See the game? I didn't, but heard something about it. I believe it was the first game where Beal and Wall each scored 20 points in a half as teammates.
 I never was big into playing basketball, but I loved to watch it.  Especially people like Kareem Abdul Jabbar and his dunks. Yes, me too! Did you know that dunking was band for 10 years since Kareem had such a dominant dunk and game play.
 hey there, do you watch NBA? Yes, I love to watch basketball.  How about you?
 did You know that Hugh laurie is the highest paid actor ever for tv drama, earning $700,000 per episode in "House" ? no.  I did not know about that fact.  But he is one of my favorite actors
 Do you watch basketball? I do watch some.  I heard it was invented by the ymca.  Do you watch?
 Interesting, John Wicks who is a U.K. pop genius once called Virginia home.  Don't think I've ever heard of him. Did you know that Myspace turned down an offer to buy Facebook for $75 million in early 2005?
 Hello, are you by any chance an NBA fan, and if so, what's your favorite team? I dont really have a favorite team anymore. I jut like to watch it sometimes. I think the NBA has the best athletes of any sport in the world.
 Hi! Are you a fan of college sports? I remember from that movie, Rudy, that Villanova University has a really intense football team and culture surrounding it. well I like professional stuff more personally, likeI think its funny the dunk was banned in the NBA for a while
 Hi, do you like basketball? It's okay. Not my favorite. You?
 Hello.  Do you like basketball? Yes, do you? We go to the games.
 To a musician, the only time that really matters is when the lights go down and amps go up according to the article Have you heard of the band Records? John Wicks is a singer-guitarist in it
 Hi!  Do you watch basketball? Yea, I'm a huge knicks fan but follow the other 29 teams in the NBA, you?
 Hello, it is crazy to find out that either a college football and basketball coach get a high pay. There's television revenue and the alumni want winning teams. Consider that Stan van Gundy was fined for saying something that would lower $$$ for the NBA.
 Are You an NBA fan ? Not really, but Porter played well in the 4th quarter for the Wizards.
 Do you like basketball?  I do like it and have a passing familiarity
 hi, do you like basketball? Yo dawg! What up? I do like me some of them hoops yo.
 Hi, how are you? Are you interested in sports? I am. How about yourself?
 Hello.  I love TV drama's and I can't believe that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor for a TV drama.  He makes about 700,000 dollars per episode on House.  Have you ever watched House? WOW... that is hard to believe!  Yes, i have seen House, it's a pretty awesome show!  You ever listened to the old radio dramas?  Apparently you can listen to them for free!
 Hi, do you know who John Wicks is? An alternative pop star born in the UK! 
 Hey there how often do you watch basketball? I know that the NBA is made up of 30 teams, which one is your favorite I like Golden State. They have been on fire for the past few years. What about you?
 hi, how are you? do you like sports? Good afternoon, I know a little about some sports, any in particular?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like roundball? Good evening.  I can't say that I'm a big fan.  I know the basic stuff but that's about it.
 I can't wait for march madness! I hope some of these kids make it to the NBA to play for the men's pro USA leagues. I hope they do too.  NBA players are the world's best paid athletes.
 We definitely need gun control.  The mass shootings like in Thousand Oaks are out of control. Ban assault rifles if you must, but don't touch my bazooka. That's my mode. In fact, I wrote a country song to that effect.
 Hi!  Are you a fan of country music? I dont listen to country much. usually pop rock and jazz. You?
 Do you enjoy music and dancing? Hello there, I do enjoy music and dancing to some extent.  How about yourself?
 Hi good morning. You a fan of country music? How do you feel about the president
 Do you like to watch TV? Yes,  I love watching tv how about you?
 Good afternoon! Do you watch a lot of TV? I watch a lot of TV Oh yeah, probably more than the average person, both network TV and streaming. What do kind of TV you watch a lot of?
 Hi there.  Are you a facebook user or fan? No. I prefer Twitter. That way, i can follow Alec Baldwin, and be reminded that he used to be the narator of Thomas the Tank
 Do you watch TV or Youtube more? I watch Youtube more which is also the second largest search engine on the internet.
 I think guns are dangerous since people can bring them to things like concerts. US is the rare country in the world that allows buying guns
 Hello, how are you? Do you like music? I do, the last time I attended a concert was back in 2001, what about you? do you like live music? music in general?
 Do you like football? If you mean American football, like NFL or college football,, then the answer is yes. I am less familiar with the rules of other forms of football, like Australian rules football or rugby. WHat's yopur thoughts?
 Do you like music? I do like music, do you?
 Do you like football? It's okay. I did go to a superbowl party last week. What about you?
 Hello!  Hi How are you? Do you travel much?
 Are you a football fan? Hi there friend. Yes I enjoy watching football. I like watching the game on TV because it's more comfortable and I can clearly see where the first down marker is.
 Hi. I was wondering if you like dogs. I love dogs!!!!!
 Hello, do you travel much? Yes, I like to travel, I planned to take a month vacation in Las Vegas, NV in march, do you?
 Hello.  Probably this fact is before Trump, but the three wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson Hey, it takes a lot of money to get elected!  Campaigns are expensive.  Did you know up until 1905, the runner up would become Vice President?  I can imagine all the fighting that would have caused!
 Hello, have you ever experienced a hurricane before?  I have. I haven't, which one have you experienced?
 Howdy Partner! hi. do you like country music?
 wow did you know that Country music legend george strait and the wealthiest man in the world jeff bezos are cousins.? Very interesting, I didn't know that. But country was the most listened to genre in rush hour radio in 2009.
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :) Good morning.
 This Mueller guy is working fast, fast, fast. Yeah, I'll give him that.  You by chance a fan of country music?  I'm not the biggest fan, but there's some groups and songs I like...
 hey my friend do you like watching football on tv? Yes I do. Although I prefer the games not be lop-sided as that historic 222-0 game between Georgia Tech and Cumberland!
 Hi, how are you? Did you get the Loophole article? Hi. I did. I was more interested in the flag at Football games
 Trump is a character He's definitely an interesting president that's for sure. Another interesting president was Woodrow Wilson. He's the only one to have a Ph.D
 Hello,  did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? interesting, lets talk about the president. there has been only one president that had a PHD and that was Woodrow Wilson 
 What are your thoughts on Trumop? I don't really agree with the way he is handling things, especially this wall. What do you think?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  How are you today?
 I didn't know that 86% of the land in Nevada was owned by the U.S. government, crazy! I had no idea. That is almost the whole state.  TaIking about weird stuff I found it crazy that a man sold the Eiffel tower twice
 Interesting that migrants stay with Catholic Charities on the border, and they let them watch things like Disney movies on TV Do they let them stay there because they dont feel that they are dangerous?
 I didn't know that 86% of land in Navada is owned by the US government Really, I did not know either. did you get the information in the articles?
 good morning. Do you believe video games are art?
 Do you watch football? I do.  I love  the american version - its a very unique game similar to rugby
 How's it going? Did you know Unicef will donate a day of clean water to a child in need for every minute you do not use your cell phone? I did not know that! I wonder why it is that they have the resources to do so but aren't doing it already. Maybe to solicit more donations? 
 Hi!  Are you a video game fan? Hi! I am a big video game fan. My favorite was always Mortal Kombat and it's actually the reason we have a rating system for video games today. Ha! What about you?
 hello! Hi! Have you ever seen a psychic? I used to splurge $5 here and there when I was younger
 Do you follow college football? Hi, how are you? No, I don't follow the college game much. You?
 hi how are you today? do you like reading? I dont read as much as I used to...more or less on books that is.  I read from the web largely.
 Hello. are you a phone fan? Not really? Do you like to read?
 Do you like to read? I do. Do you?
 Did you give or get any bad gift's for father's day? Not that I can recall. I usually order something online. Did you know Internet is a combination of the words interconnected network?
 Did you know reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding symbols such as letters to get a meaning? i never really thought of it that way but it makes sense.
 I've always enjoyed reading. How about yourself? Hi! I have to some extent but I can see why people find it boring, at least books can be interpreted differently by each person which makes them interesting,
 Good Morning! How are you today? Great. I'm just surfing the internet.  I think I'm addicted because of the constant novelty from clicking links.
 Happy Holidays!  I am hoping for a gift certificate to purchase books recommended by Anne Bogel. That would be a lovely present! Anne Bogel recommends so many fascinating novels. Which one would you like to read most?
 Do you like to read? Yes i do enjoy reading. I read quite a bit. You?
 Hi, how are you? Hello! I'm doing great for a Friday how about you?
 Are you interested in politics? I have on occasion watched and listened to politics but am not really a fan of constant battles of wills by those claiming to be in politics for the right reasons. You?
 did you know that trump wouldn't make the lisst of the top 3 richest us presidents? Wow, that is pretty crazy considering how wealthy I thought he was!  Who are the top three?
 Hello. What was the most interesting fact about golf for you? I had no idea Babe Ruth was once the most famous golfer in America. what was interesting for me is how much water per day the average american golf course consumes : 312000 gallons
 Hello, do you like golf? Hey! I kind of like golf. I like baseball more. Did you know that Babe Ruth was once America's most famous golfer?
 There are a lot of fake animal myths out there! Really? I'm sure there are with so many animals. There are over 1.5 million living animal species. 
 Hello, how are you doing today? I am good.  Do you like watching television?
 Did you hear about that homeless veteran of war? Yeah!!! I still can't believe that the whole thing was a lie. 
 Hello there, do you watch much television? Hello - I watch a little bit. What about you?
 hi how are you? do you like movies? Hey! I'm doing god today! :) I do like movies! What about you?
 Hey, did you ever see House? Hugh Laurie got paid 700,000 for each episode. Yes, I did. I like the main character. I enjoy watching a few television series
 Hey how's it going. I really love learning about animals. There are about 20 quintillion individual animals on planet earth. Hi there! I do too! Thats a lot of animals!
 Do you own a car? I do! I love my car.  I live in Florida so there is no need to warm it up, that is illegal in Ohio.
 hey how is it going? Hello, do you like to use drive-thru's of fast food restaurants? McDonald's was the first to add a drive thru in 1975 to accomodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their uniforms.
 How do you feel about GoFundMe? I like it but they should vet the person asking for money.
 Do you like animals? I love animals! There's a lawyer in switzerland who represents animals in court
 hello,  do you watch any drama tv shows? Yea, I watch house a lot, Hugh Laurie gets paid $700,000 an episode
 I think its important NBA values Christmas, after all its a day to share with family and friends. How does the NBA value Christmas?
 do you use facebook? I sure do quite a bit now and you?
 I really enjoyed the games the NBA televised, they had to cater to their big markets for ratings. I find the NBA interesting. Are you familiar with Tim Duncan?
 Hey! do you use Facebook? I do not. I actually preferred Myspace, and was thankful when they turned down the offer to buy it.
 What forms of entertainment do you enjoy? i like watching the nba? and you?
 good morning to you! good morning.
 Hi, how are you tonight? I'm good! How are you? :) Interesting read so far! 
 I'm a big fan of Facebook. Do you use it much? A few times a week.  The company's HQ is located near where I used to live.  Menlo Park.
 did you know that the united states got thrid place in the world cup back in 1930 Hi! No I did not, are you a soccer fan?
 hi. i love watching sports on tv , my absolute favorite to watch is the World Cup I am a huge fan as well - but we are in good company - 3.2 billion people watched the 2010 cup
 I think it's great that woman are getting a chance to show they can be sports announcers. I agree.  It interesting how we are so used to males and females playing certain roles.
 Do you like soccer? It's okay.  I usually watch some of the world cup when it's on.  You?
 Hi, how are you? I am doing well, how about yourself?
 Do you enjoy watching soccer? I'm surprised it's not more popular in the US since it's played by 250 million people in the world. I don't actually but I don't like many sports. Yeah, I guess we are the only weird country. Soccer makes more money than most all other major sports combined
 Do you like football? Not too much,  I watch a few games a year.  How about yourself?
 Hi, are you a football fan? Hi! I am , i love football. Are you referring to soccer or american football? I like both. Football can mean so many different things... association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football. 
 I'm surprised to read that MLS cannot find a suitable venue for DC United to play its home opener at.  Given how much money soccer makes world wide, you would think they have a good arena for them. It makes more than every other sport combined. 
 Hi, how are you doing over there? I'm great! Thanks! How are you today? It's a bit windy here but beautiful nonetheless! 
 It's crazy to think how connected our world is. Over the past decade, Facebook has exploded into one of the most popular sites on the internet Yes, crazy for sure.  Facebook HQ is only a few miles from me in Menlo Park, ca
 Do you pay attention to soccer, or association football? I love watching the world cup - though I am not sure about the next world cup being in qatar
 How's it going, are you into soccer at all? The fifa world cup was started back in 1930 I do like soccer. I just found out that the city for the 2022 World Cup still needs to be built
 Do you use the internet often? I do! I was just reading on the internet about the story about Alex Jones Facebook page being taken down....
 Do you like football? I know very little about football. I do know about the team the patriots and Tom Brady. I recently learned of a player on that team that has never fumbled a ball.
 Hi!  Do you follow world cup soccer? Not really, how about you? Maybe I should follow the American women's team as they have not placed below third place since the start of the world cup in 1991.
 Hi, how are you? Do you like soccer? I love soccer, its one of my passions, did you watch the FIFA World Cup last year?
 Hello, are you a fan of sports? hey, I am not but I did watch the superbowl, what about you?
 HOw's it going, do you follow football? The university of Iowa has a pink lockerroom for visiting teams Yes, I follow football somewhat.  I guess that's to psych out the opposing team.  lol. Did you know that back in the 1960's top bowlers made twice as much as top football players?  My, how times have changed.
 Do you have any interest in FIFA? personally I don't haha, I don' watch sports but I guess the world cup will be in 2022 in Qatar, what about you?
 Hello do you like football? it can be fun to watch and is the most popular sport
 Do you watch football? As in Soccer? Not too often. usually during the world cup. Do you?
 Man, I love football how about you? It depends, are you talking about American football or what the rest of the world rightfully calls football?
 Do you like facebook? I actully hate it. to easy for people to spread lies. Much like Alex Jones
 Do you like to use the internet?  It seems like I'm constantly using it. Yes it feels like I am always online as well. Do you use Facebook?
 Good Afternoon!  The internet is a weird place with weird "stars"  and "celebrities" - makes my head spin... hi, how are you? is it afternoon where you are? it is night here on the dark side of the moon. is the internet getting weird again?
 Good morning. Good morning. Are you a soccer fan?
 Hey how are you, you know much about Association football by chance? Is it like the NFL or more like rugby? I think association football is just another name for soccer, so we would be exactly like soccer which is a sport that is played by about 250 million people all over the world
 Hello are you a football fan? A little bit, how bout yourself?
 Hello do you like soccer? Hey there, I sure do. It is a sport that makes tons of money more than some other combined
 hi how are you? do you like sports? I am good, how are you?  Yes I do.  Do you watch soccer at all?
 good morning, are you a fan of rap music? Not really, you?
 Do you like to watch Football? Yes of course! Did you watch the Superbowl this past weekend? There are varying degrees of the word 'football', like in Australia, I think it's called rugby.
 Do you use the telephone anymore? I do. It allows one to conduct a conversation with another even though they may be far apart. It is a very efficient form of communication.
 Do you like to watch soccer? No I can't say that I do haha. I think soccer is really boring, what about you?
 Hello there, do you watch the World Cup when it comes around? I try to. It's soccer at the highest level.
 Do you know who Bill Bradley is? No i don't. Who is he?
 Do you think you are addicted to Social Media?  I'm not sure. How would I know?
 do you lkike football? I love it. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
 Hello. Are you a football fan? Contrary to popular believe they didn't always make so much money. i figure that it took time for the league to grow. yes, they probably started out small.
 Do you like football?  Yea, I enjoy gridiron football and australian rules too
 Are you much of a football fan? I know very little about football. I do know who Tom Brady is.
 i there , do you watch football? Hey, yes I do. Did you know U of Iowa visitor locker room is pink?
 Hi! Do you like to watch soccer? Hello, i'm not that much into Soccer but i do like to watch Fox Sports
 Do you like soccer? its one of my favorite sports I do like soccer, otherwise known as association Football.
 What do you think about sports? I like sports a lot, I like all sports, but my favorite is Pro football and basketball.
 hi how are you? do you like soccer? Hello,  I dont watch it much, but I enjoy it.  Did you know its also called association football?
 hey there did you know that the white house is smaller than its guest house somehow? That is a surprise. Must be huge. The white house is the official workplace and residence of the president.
 Hello, are you particularly interested in politics? Yes. I am but I am not radical about it. Are you interested mostly in your local politics or in the national scene?
 Hello - how are you doing today? Im doing great did you hear about James Shar Jr and his act of heroism?
 Have you ever been to the white house? Hi, I have been at the entrance but never inside. Did you know the white house has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Do you like to garden? Not really! do you?
 Jos Roozen seems like quite a guy, a lot of knowledge about plants and gardening indeed. yes I think he developed an interest in saltwater fish of all things, saltwater fish actually drink water through their mouth while freshwater fish absorb water through their skin
 Hi there!  Do you listen to the radio? I do, what about you? 
 Hello, do you listen to the radio much? I do. Im learning latin. And theres a finnish station that broadcast "nuntii latini" weekly
 Trump and intensity, they sure go by the hand Unfortunately they do. What do you think the worst thing he has done so far?
 I have always wanted to tour the White House.  There is so much history there, ever since John Adams starting living there in 1800 Agreed, I was there once long ago. Adams may have been president!
 Hello - how are you this morning?  Hello im great, what are your thoughts on Trump?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good, thanks for asking.  Do you follow politics?
 Hi!  Is Washington a mess or what? oh, boy! it sure is a mess. are you comfortable talking about politics? I dont mind.
 Where is the White House located? 1600 Pennsylvania Ave... Why do you ask?
 Wow, more Trump bashing, how novel. I just was gagging reading an article, "Has Trump finally gone to far?"  I my opinion, it's the biased press that's going too far. I agree, The news is so upsetting.
 Good Morning! I'm not much interested in the White House, but I do root for President Trump So do I.  I hope he succeeds with some of his initiatives.  I wonder if he'll want to take the solar panels off the back of the white house that George Bush had installed.
 Greetings!  Hi, how are you doing?
 How do you feel about boarder security and the fact families are being separated at the boarder? That is a difficult issue since mistreatment of children is sad and may be comparable to what happened in Nazi concentration camps when you see that  2000 kids were taken from their families 
 How's it going? Are you interested in past US Presidents? During Teddy Roosevelt's presidency christmas trees were banned from the white house He did? that sounds like something the Grinch would do lol, I think its important to follow politics.
 Did you know the GOP was liberal until Barry Goldwater in 1964. I did not know that. Very interesting. There hasn't been a president who wasn't a republican or a democrat since 1853.
 Are you comfortable talking about the government? For sure. They are everywhere after all. Even on WIkileaks pages
 Hi! Are you a YouTube junkie too? haha yes I am! I don't have cable I only do youtube, I guess there is about 400 hours of content uploaded every minute
 Hi, do you like listening to the radio? Yes, I do like listening to the radio. I used to have a favorite station and I'd even call in from time to time. What about you?
 Do you listen to the radio?  I do, if spotify counts! Do you?
 DO you know much about politics? I know that the president has either been a democrat or a republican since 1853
 hi, do you know much about presidents? I have been trying to learn about  Niger's political climate and what the country is experiencing but I also love to study american presidents too. What can you tell me?
 hey there, do you know much about politics? Well, a little bit. I know a lot of trivia about Congress in particular, such as the republicans and democrats play a baseball game against each other annually!
 do you know much about presidents? Some stuff. DO you know who the wealthiest three are?
 Good Evening. I was just reading about radios made with a pencil and a razor blade. I would like to see that done! Ya that does sound interesting! I thought it was funny that canadian law has 40% of all music played required to be canadian haha
 Are you a Linkin Park fan?  They are great. They played 324 concerts in 2001. I still cant believe it. I am I think they are one of the best bands ever, too bad the leading singer committed suicide, maybe the toll of many concerts made him fall into depression. 
 Hi, how are you?? Im great, so what are your thoughts on Trumps Ex Lawyer, I think Trump is guilty.
 Hey there! Have you heard about the crazy things President Duterte has been doing to the media in the Philippines recently? Yeah Ive heard, seems like freedom of the press is coming to an end in the Philippines, he denounced all mayor news outlets there. 
 Michael Cohen said he was in contact with Russians to build a Trump hotel in Moscow during the 2016 campaign. Hi. He did-what happened?
 This is fairly interesting to me because the history of "President" as the name for a chief of state is something I researched years ago. yes indeed. Would you like to share some interesting stuff you learned?
 Hi.  Hello how are you? Interesting article about soybeans.
 I'm not sure what to make of our government structure in the US these days.  the three branches? do you think we need to restructure a bit?
 hi, do you know the website wikileaks? Yea, it publishes top secret stuff and the US government wants to stop it
 Did you know that, according to Canadian law, 40% of the music on the radio must be by Canadian artists? That would explain why Drake is so popular.  No I didn't actually it seems like that might be the case for Justin Bieber as well his song 'baby' is the most disliked video on youtube
 Hello there, did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house? I had heard that.  I think the guest house is newer.
 Hey have you ever been to a concert? Lots! Lucky to have come from a family that was very into music. Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concert in 2001? That seems like a crazy schedule. 
 Do you know a lot about presidents? I know a little bit, i learned a lot in school. how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello! Do you watch Youtube?
 Have you been following the Mueller investigations? not a ton, I just know that the president could be in trouble with the law. It seems like theres more news about it every day
 What do you think about the Niger protests? They seem to be getting worse. What's your opinion?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in politics? I am about average in my interest in politics. Although, I do find it interesting that we have not had a President since 1853 that wasn't Republican or Democrat.
 Do you follow the government? Sometimes I do, sometimes not. What about you? 
 Hi do you like using Youtube? I do like the YouTube page I found there are some  interesting videos on the site, what about you? do you like it?
 Do you like music? Very much. I don't go to concerts though. For some reason (with a few exceptions) I think of the studio version of a song as the "real" version and hate the crowd noise in live versions. Are you a concert-goer?
 Hello there, did you know the white house is smaller than the guest house? I have heard this fact. I don't know how Donald J Trump lives with it. He would resent the unfairness of the situation.
 Hi there! Do you enjoy live music? Hi, I do when I have the chance yes! I like piano jazz. There was one on the Airship Hindenburg that was made of aluminum and only weighed 356 pounds!
 You ever been to the Phillipines? I have not, have you?
 Hello, do you watch any Youtube?  Youtube has been in business since 2005 and Google bought Youtube in 2006 for US$1.65 billion. Wow. Yeah I use YouTube every day, I really like it and seems like Google made a good decision
 Have you ever read Neon Lion? I haven't. I heard it's a children's story about standing out from the crowd?
 Mass shootings have become a political football.  Guns vs. No Guns... I think the problem is deeper than that. I agree, but there should be a bigger control  guns are our rights but filters must be applied
 hi, do you know much about presidents? I've heard that the top three wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I think that has to account for inflation though.
 Hello there, do you follow politics much? I do. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? I am good, you? Lets talk about congress, there has been only 1 non human to testify in front of congress and that is Elmo
 Hi there. How are you doing today? doing well, did you know that elmo is the only non-human to testify before congress? 
 hello Hi there, do you follow politics much?
 Do you ever listen to the radio? Good morning!  Yes, I often listen to sports talk in the car.  Do you listen to the radio often?
 Are you a fan of Tom Brady?  Hello there, I am not a big fan, but I do respect all he has accomplished. 
 Hello,  do you watch football? Yes I do watch football I love the Patriots what about you?
 I think as far as players go Tom Brady is way overrated.  His wife, Gisele Bundchen, makes more than double her husband's salary. Maybe the Pats should hire her, LOL. Do you think he has succeeded because of his coach, Bill B?
 Hello lets talk about quarterbacks, there is only one left handed quarterback in the NFL and it is Kellan moore In NFL, Quarterback are required to wear uniform number between 1 and 19. In modern American football, the quarterback are member of offensive team.
 Do you happen to be a Lakers or Wizards fan? I love how LeBron James plays.  I am a raptors fan, but I do love LeBron James. The amount of money he makes is crazy.
 do you watch the NBA? I sure do. Do you know who Tim Duncan is?
 Hi. Do you watch the NBA at all? Being from Akron, I watch the Cavs. I guess Judge Judy is the highest paid celebrity, after Lebron.
 Are you a Lebron fan? I have a ton of respect for him as an athlete, especially the money part--he's the highest paid celebrity, the runner-up being Judge Judy
 Hi, how are you? Good how bout yourself? Do you watch Basketball?
 Hi do you like basketball? Hi! I do as a matter of fact! I was one of the 18 million that the finals averaged in viewership since 2010. Ha! What about you?
 hey did you know that over 80% of all of earths forests have been destroyed I'm not surprised. Humans beings have tried to exploit every resources the planet has to offer.
 Hi do you like basketball? Did you know they are making a Space Jam 2 with LeBron James? I have heard. i guess that it was time for a sequel. lebron is the perfect guy for it.
 Do you like cars? I like to drive them, but I don't know much about how they work
 I think it's interesting that in basketball, the teams will try to neutralize one best player, which is sometimes LeBron James, the Boston Celtics are actually researching it right now I heard about "Defending LeBron James 101", do you know what it is?
 Have you ever heard of the NBA player LeBron James? I've only seen him on television. yes, he was born in 1984, hes one of the best players in the NBA, do you watch basketball?
 Hi there, do you watch the NBA? I watched from time to time. The teams I like aren't very good though so it's depressing haha. What about you?
 do you follow basketball? I have never followed sports much, though I heard that the basketball game schedule for 2018 and 2019 came out.
 Hello, do you like cars? hi how are you? i do like cars.
 hey there how are you, do you like watching the nba Hi,  I like basketball but I dont really follow it,  I sometime watch the warriors,  how about u?
 Hi!  Are you a basketball fan Good evening.  Why yes, I am .Are you?
 Are you interested in historical fiction? I am.  I am particularly interested in historical fiction about Australia like Peter Carey's latest novel.
 Hey there do you ever drive a car? I drive mine almost everyday I do, do you have a favorite car brand?
 I wonder how the 160 mph Dutch commuter bus works -- like is it mostly automated on an invisible track? And is it on a fenced-in right-of-way to avoid hitting people? I would venture to guess that there are many safety protocals for that commmuter bus. if it were to hit  somebody it would cost them millions.
 Hello Friend. Do you enjoy dance? Hi there. I like to watch dance but not perform! How about you?
 Hello, do yiu watch tv? I do, its one of my favorite hobbies, do you like to watch TV?
 Good morning good morning
 Did you hear about that boat that sank? a real tragedy I did. Very sad. Saw that it killed 29 people.
 What do you think of the government? You like Trump? Hi! He's an interesting person and I guess I will leave it at that. We need government for sure to make sure our  national interest and policies are kept.
 hi, do you know what wikileaks is? hey yes I'm aware, its funny they published government plans that were shown to want to destroy wikileaks itself
 How's it going? Did you know that Astronauts vote from space. Pretty cool Nice! The government of India also helps people who can't vote easily. They set up a polling booth for one person in a forest full of lions.
 To you vote in election years? I have no excuse if astronauts vote from space! That's crazy! Yeah, I voted in the 2016 election, did you?
 Have you been to any concerts recently? Hello, I havent last time I was in a concert it was in 2001 and it was  a Linking Park concert, what about you?
 Hi!  Are you a fan of concerts? I am, but I don't get to go often. I like unique venues. I would love to check out the ancient Roman amphitheater in Croatia. Are you a fan of concerts yourself?
 Have you been to any concerts recently? well I went to Lollapalooza last year, what about you?
 Are you a baseball fan? I sometimes follow the game. I usually pay attention around the playoffs.
 Hello there, do you like baseball? Yes, I do.  It's one of the few games where the defensive team controls the ball.
 Are you a baseball fan? Sometimes I watch. Depends on the home team. And you? 
 I used to listen to the radio, but I don't hear so good now, so I don't. Do you like the radio? I more or less listen to streaming music and podcasts rather than radio.
 Hi!  Are you a fan of horror films? I like them! even though I get spooked pretty easily. do you like them?
 I don't know how I feel about recent slang being added to the official Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary. How do you feel about this?  It seems a bit odd to me. I was trying to look up the word on Google.
 Hi, do you like Google? hi how are you? yes i do like google.
 What search engine do you enjoy using I like using Google. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like video games? Yes I love video games! I used to play them more as a kid but I still play some nowadays. Did you ever play Mortal Kombat
 Do you watch TV on a regular basis? I watch TV pretty often. Although I cannot say that I have seen every episode of Pokemon. There are over 750 episodes.
 Hi, I love video games and tv. I really could play all day if I had the time. lol Do you like tv? I love watching tv. i
 Do you watch south park? Yea, everyday almost, I really enjoyed the episodes where they spoofed Family Guy
 Trump promised many people a replacement for Obamacare. I mean he tried right ? But he was blocked in the Senate... If I remember correctly...
 Do you know much about presidential history? Not too much, how bout you?
 I think they have recently decised that Pluto should be a planet again. Really? I remember when they decided it was not a planet.
 Hi there, do you travel often? Hi.  Not really.  Maybe once a year or so.  How about you?
 Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. No, I didnt know that, Trump is not on the list?
 Good morning!  Do you like to travel? I love to Travel, i am going to brazil in a month!, how about you?
 Soccer makes more money than most sports combined! That is insane? Is it because it's worldwide? Anybody can play soccer. Don't need to be tall or big. Men and women play. It's the game of the people.
 Hi!  I didn't know that there was a type of soccer where three teams play at once.  Wonder how that works? Fascinating.  I imagine the better two of the teams would just try to put it past the weakest defense.  Or maybe the scoring is different?
 Good morning!  Do you follow presidential history? I don't know much but I find it very interesting, especially the crazy way elections used to work. Did you know that until the early 1800's the runner up in a US presidential election was appointed the vice president?! Awkward!
 Hello!  Hi there! How are ya' doin'? 
 Hi, do you like tennis? Yea I watch it occasionally, I never knew it was invented in the 19th century
 Do you like to play Tennis? Not a huge tennis fan but I do like Polo shirts, I never knew it was invented for Rene Lacoste
 Hello there, are you a follower of tennis? Hi, how are you? No, I don't really understand the sport well. How about you?
 What is your favorite sport? My favorite sport is baseball. 
 Do you watch the UFC?  Hello there, no I don't follow too closely, but I have seen a few matches.  How about yourself?
 Dogs or cats? Is all animals a choice?
 Hello. Do you like dogs? dogs are great! i dont have one though. You?
 Good morning! Are you a football fan? I head that Patriots running back Benjarvus Green-Ellis never had a turnover in his whole career. Pretty impressive.  I enjoy watching it but I don't know too much about it. It is a pretty big part of american culture though. That is pretty amazing he never fumbled at all!
 Hello, do you like to watch football? Hi, yes I am a lot into sports, I like football, 
 Hey there what do you think about the president? And who do you think the top three most wealthy presidents were? I think the President is probably in the top 3 richest presidents along with Kennedy and maybe Bush. Am I right?
 Do you like the president? You know, the guy in the White House? In Washington, Dee See? Yes, but if you listen to the so-called news, you probably hate him.  They were saying the sky was going to fall for the holidays because of the tariffs. Didn't happen...
 Hello, do you know much about the presidents? I know that JFK was rich.
 hi, do you know much about presidents? A little.  I know that the president is what they call the head of state in most republics.
 What do you think about Trump supporters Hi,It is said they do not hide who they are! but I know something Trump is not among the richest presidents in history
 Hello! How are you today? Good.  That's unfortunate that a fossilized tooth of a shark was stolen.
 Were you aware that an ancient shark tooth was stolen in Ausralia? I heard it was huge. I wonder who stole it. 
 Do you like sharks? I sure do. Did you know they do not have rib cages?
 Have you heard about the fossilized giant shark tooth that was stolen? I was reading about that just today, it's awful that happened!
 Do you like comedies? As in movies or TV shows? I guess the form of Comedy actually started back in ancient Greece, which is interesting I do like comedies, what about you? 
 Hi, how are you this afternoon? I am good thank you. Are you a fan of comedy by any chance?
 Hi!  Are you a fan of comedy? I am I enjoy a good laugh!
 How's it going, do you like comedy? I love watch standup and comedy film I keep seeing that Bill Murray recommends Kung Fu Hustle, which makes me think I should check it out. Have you ever seen it?
 Do you play the piano? Hello, I know a little bit. What about you?
 Hey. Did you hear about Richard Roeper buying Twitter followers? I don't know why he got into so much trouble for it. I'm not sure but apparently he bought a bunch of followers for his Twitter account like actors, athletes, comedians and the like.
 Hi!  I had no idea there were over 750 episodes of pokemon. Hello - wow that's a lot of episodes! I saw that it comes out to about 50 a year for 16 years straight. 
 Hi, do you like to watch TV?  I watch TV from time to time. I like The Simpsons and I also like South Park. What about you?
 Hello there, do you watch much television these days? I do watch some television when I have free time? Do you?
 It's funny that That 70s Show scripts were reshot in the UK -- Sanford Son and Three's Company were literal copies of British TV shows in American settings. They were canceled after 10 episodes. This is so sad.
 Hi, how are you doing? I'm doing good. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Hi! I'm great, I'm watching that Fyre Festival documentary. How are you? 
 hi Hello,
 Hello there, do you play or watch golf much? I used to play but I do not any more. Do you play/
 Do you watch television much? Sometimes.  I like watching "The Voice", the news, and some sports.  I also watch a lot of streaming tv.  What about you?
 Good morning! How are you? Good. How about you?
 I am interested in politics. Are you? Hi, I'm a little interested, mainly just to stay informed.  It can be so ugly at times.
 Hi! It's crazy to think the three wealthiest presidents in US history were Jefferson, JFK and Washington! Yeah you would think some of the more modern ones would be on there as well. 
 The internet has became the king of the world these days. That was inevitable. This is the information age. I am surprised only 7% of people read the terms of service.
 Did you vote in the last elections? Yes I definitely did, what about yourself?
 Hello! How are you today? Good, so the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums
 Hi, how are you? That synagogue shooting in Pittsburgh was horrid.
 Have you watched Silicon Valley before? Hi, I've only seen it a couple of times. Jared is one of the main characters?
 Hi, do you know a lot about cars? I do, kind of. Do you?
 Hi, how are you this evening? Great! and you?  What do you think of flame throwers equipped in cars in South Africa?
 Interesting fact: Robots can be controlled using rat brains. Did not know that. What?  Rat brains?  They hook the robot up to the rat or they put the rat's brains in the robot?  So many questions!  The curiosity robot on mars sings happy birthday to itself every year.  I think that's kind of sad.
 Good morning. Hi. Are you a Facebooker?
 Hi, do you watch Brooklyn Nine-Nine? Yes I love that show! Andy Samberg is such a great character.
 hi, do you watch tv? Yes, I love to watch TV. I really like watching the olympics. Have you ever watched Ice skating
 Do you have a Facebook account? I do, I am on Facebook so much!  I am one of that 30% who uses it as a news source too.
 Do you use facebook often? Yes, I mean I've created an account like over 2 years ago and I'm quite addicted since then... Why You ask ? How about You ? ;)
 Hi, do you watch Brooklyn Nine Nine? I love that show so funny, do you?
 Hi.  Do you watch television? Yes, I watch TV but not as much as I used to. When I did watch it, I liked South Park, Family Guy, and the Simpsons a lot.
 Hi!  Do you use the internet often? I think I am on the internet 24/7 so yes! lol
 Who was Stephen Colbert's boss at CBS in the early days of the network show? was it Les Moonves? I dont' watch him so I don't really know
 Hi there! Do you have a favorite genre of film or tv? Hello there, I do, I like watchinig House, what about you?
 did you know that Hugh Laurie was the highest paid actor ever on tv? I did not.  He did well transitioning from British to American TV.  700K per episode of House is quite impressive.
 Hi there. Do you like the comedy genre? It's one of my favorites. don't usually choose comedy film but am always up for a good suggestion.
 Are you a fan of the hilarious actor Andy Samberg? He's the leading actor from Brooklyn Nine-Nine right?
 Hi How are you today? fine ty and yourself.  are you a philly person?
 Hi, do you like dogs? Hello there, I do like dogs, how about you?
 do you like dogs? I love dogs. There is a tomb for an unknown one in honor of canines used in research
 Are you a dog lover? I do love dogs, do you? And if yes, which kind is your favorite?
 Hi, do you like horses? yes, i do like horses. i have never ridden one. you?
 Hi, how are you? Hi there, I am good! How are you?
 Have you ever been horseback riding? Horses are odd toed ungulate mammals. You make them sound so romantic! Yes, I have ridden the Equus ferus. You?
 Hi, how are you? Hey, I'm good how about you? Are you a football fan at all?
 Do you watch much NFL games? Yes, I miss football season the day its over. Whats up the Patriots always having a mystery around them? I am not a Brady fan, myself.
 So do you care how bad Russia's economy is or isn't? I think we should care about the world economy whether it's your own country or not. There are many factors that make this a global issue rather than just a Russian issue.
 hi, how are you? what do you think of government? I think the government is having issues right now, what about you?
 Do you use netflix?  yes I do. Have you ever seen their movie. Fireplace for your home?
 Hi, how are you? Hello Im great, you? Do you like to watch series on Netflix?
 Are you a fan of our president? As an American I try to support any President. It's a tough role.
 Hi! Did you watch the Super Bowl the other day? Yes, Tom brady's jersey from the locker room was stolen. Did you know ?
 He there! It's football season! Did you know Tom Brady's wife makes more than he does? Really? That's amazing considering how popular her is. The Patriots have been the focus of some mysterious situations, apparently. 
 So apparently this Butler guy stole a jersey it seems? What a jerk, I am a big football fan.  Did you know that Tom Brady was picked in the 6th Round, at number 199 in the 2000 NFL draft?
 did You know that wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy wikileaks ? That makes sense.  They probably did it while Trump was thinking about those pesky migrant caravans.
 Hello, are you a fan of the president? Yes, I think the presidency is a fascinating subject. In general, government is interesting. 
 hey there, what are your thoughts on our currernt Government? I don't trust the government. i feel like there are too many secrets and things going on behind the scenes for me to form an accurate opinion.
 I've always found the different systems of government interesting, especially in how it's evolved over the years yes I agree, Government can be scary though like how the Chinese Gov literally censored the word for censorship
 Hello! hey, so have you heard anything about this stuff with Bill Cobsy's trial?
 Hi there. Do you like learning about celebrities? In today's day and age they're so closely associated with wealth. It's strange how much coverage celebs get, it isn't really that important Judge Judy makes 123,000 an episode
 Do you follow celebrities?  I watch some of their movies or tv shows. Lol. I especially like John cena
 hey did you know the last time there was a president who wasn't a republican or democrat was 1853 No i did not know that! I do know that ever president that has had a beard has been a republican.
 Did you catch the news when Kanye West met with the president in the white house? Yes, it was almost unbelievable. A rapper standing alongside the president? When has that happened before?
 Hey there. You a fan of rap music? Yeah, dig more of the older stuff like Tupac.  You?
 How's it going, do you like JFK, Washington, or Jefferson? They are the 3 wealthiest US presidents It's going good!  Interesing!  Do you know what they called the first president of Zimbabwe?
 Hi!  What do you think about the current resident of the Oval Office? Well I guess at least he does not release pop albums like the president of indonesia does!
 Hello there, do you follow politics much? I do a little, but the current climate has me frustrated.
 hi how you doing today? would you like to talk about the presidency? Yes I would, what are your thoughts on our current president? do you like him? share his views?
 Hello! How are you today? I'm doing well, and you? 
 Do you have a favorite celebrity  hi how are you? no, i dont. i dont usually follow celebrities. YOu?
 What are you thoughs on those Addidas officials and the NBA agent accused of dreauding colleges? It doesn't seem right at all.  They were secretly paying the families of top basketball recruits right?
 do you like the NBA? I sure do, Do you know who Kareem Jabbar is?
 Did you hear about the trial with Adidas and the NCAA I did hear about it, I guess Adidas is accused of defrauding colleges, what do you think about that?
 Have you ever broken a thumb? Hello, I have not. Have you?
 Hello how are you doing? Do you like basketball?  I was just reading some cool facts! Kareem abdul-jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade. Hello! I am a fan of Basketball and find it funny they have a basketball court on the top floor of the supreme court building!
 Do you have a favorite NBA player? Yes, I like Stephan Currey. What about you?
 Hey! Are you a hockey fan, by any chance? I'm just learning about certain popular players Howdy!  No, not really.  Yeah, this Burakovsky guy seems like a player
 Do you watch the NBA?  I am not that familiar with it.  I had heard this story about secret payments to college prospects though.
 Hi do you like hockey? Yeah I do like the sport, do you like hockey?
 Hi! Have you ever heard of the hockey player Andre Burakovsky? Hello - I have not heard of him before, but I do love hockey. 
 Shoe is item which cover foot and protect them and keep our feet very safe. It is used for item of decoration and fashion also. Shoes are important for protecting our feet. They are also a lot of fun to shop for! Do you have a favorite shoe style?
 hi, do you have a kind of shoe that you prefer? I love Ughs.  They provide warmth, comfort and durability.  Shoe designs have changed over time
 Did you know that putting dry tea bags in smelly shoes could help absorb odor?  I have some running shoes that may need that "tea treatment," no doubt. I bet whoever first created the smell remover for shoes made a fortune like in the movie holes
 What do you think of the educational system in place in this country? I think that teachers are for the most part underpaid.
 Hello, did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? No, I guess it's because visitors of the White House probable need a big guest house to bring over their staff and security
 hey there do you know the top 3 richest presidents? like who they are Yeah,  Trump,  Washington and Jefferson,  why?
 Are you surprised that Washington is in the top 3 wealthiest presidents ?  not at all.  It seems that US Presidents are all quite wealthy.  JFK and the Kennedy's are proof as well.
 hello did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? Wow, that's interesting! I wonder if the President of Indonesia has a presidential palace. He has released 3 pop albums while in office.
 Good morning, did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe, was called President Banana? Really, Banana? is that his real name?
 Hey there what do you think about the government? It's a balancing act between individual freedom and tyranny I'll admit I don't always like to vote because I don't feel it makes a difference. The turnout for us presidential elections hasn't reached 62.8 percent in the last 100 years.
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. DO you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?
 Hello! Are you interested in Presidents? I love leaders of republics. How about you?
 Hi there! Not sure about you but I love the drama. Hi, I guess its my guilty pleasure too.lol The president couldn't give us more drama, could he?lol 
 Hey there what do you think of the president? And who do you think the top three richest presidents were? I stay away from politics, haha. I'm not sure, who were the top three richest?
 Hi, how are you? Hello great, what about you? its amazing how the internet allows us to chat right now.
 Hello I wish to attend a summit one day Me too ! a g20 summit sounds interesting.
 Do you use the internet often? I do, I use it everyday in fact, what about you? do you use it much?
 Hi how are you? Great.  Who would think Trump's tariffs on China would help people who trade in knockoff designer bags?
 Prince William crime report!  I thought the British royals stayed out of the crime business? I have read the same thing, it is a report of the crimes that happened in Prince William county for a period of time. If it is a "hot" county, it is better than TV. 
 hello Hi. Holy heck, the crime report for Prince William is lit today. 
 Hello do you like to talk about television? I'll talk abut anything, television, dogs, Prince William County, just not football, I've had enough football.
 Howdy! A sports fan at all? Hi, I am but don't get to watch much anymore. Not a big baseball fan, don't have the patience. 
 Hello. Do you watch much sports? Not really anymore,  too busy. i warch a few games a year. How about yourself?
 Hi! do you watch baseball? I have but not very much. It seems like a fascinating sport. Do you know much about it?
 Hello, do you know much about world Presidents? Hi there, I know a little bit, for instance the president of Indonesia created 3 pop albums LOL
 Why is it always about Trump, I am getting real tired of talking about the man. Yes I agree. It's exhausting to think about. it is interesting how he called the Russian wikileak controversy "so funny"
 Do you like to travel? I do, what about you? 
 Hi!  Do you watch much news? Not really, i check my phone every now and then.
 Do you like to travel?  I love to travel, I am actually going to Brazil in a month, how about you?
 Hello, do you know much about presidents? I have never met a real president. I know a little from school. How about you?
 Hello, do you follow politics? I do to some extent.  I keep an eye on the president.  lol
 How's it going? Did you know Washington, Jefferson, and JFK were the 3 wealthiest presidents? Trump is not on that list?
 hi, how are you? do you know much about politics? I have taken a few courses in politics and happen to work in local politics. On a national level I do follow a lot of things but there are some things that I don't know much about. How about you?
 Do you watch a lot of news programs? I find that they focus too much on the negative sometimes, it can make you depressed. I don't really watch them but I agree with you. They seem to focus on drama and making people tense and afraid.  I've watched some Fox News knowing it has a republican bias but I have found that it is sometimes more balanced and unbiased in it's approach.
 did you know that the norwegian governemtn donated a billion dollars to help the amazon rainforest? No.  Please tell me more about it.
 Hey there how often do you use the site reddit.com? I know that I use it almost everyday, what about you I used reddit today actually. LOL
 Good morning! Hi!  Would you be ok with two nicknames like adrian peterson?
 Hi are you into social media? You bet I am! I probably shouldn't be, but I use Facebook and Reddit and Twitter and Snapchat. I'm pretty sure nothing I do goes undocumented at the moment. What about you?
 hi Hello. Dogs are amazing creatures and man's best friend. Don't you agree?
 How's it going, did you know GOP stands for Grand Ole Party? I did know that, do you follow politics?
 Are you a fan of dogs? I love dogs! I have a border collie, how about you?
 I love dogs. Are you an animal lover? Hi.  Yes, I have two dogs
 Its sad how Sully, Bushs dog lies by his casket, breaks my heart. Somehow he seemed to understand what was going on.  I wonder who has the dog now?
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing good. Are you a fan of dogs?
 Hi there.  How about George Bush's dogie Sully at his funeral.  He was raised through the prison program Hi! Sully was amazing!  He was so loyal right through the end.
 How's it going, do you like dogs? Did you know modern wolves are not as closely related to the first wolves that were domesticated? I do, I have a dog so yeah, what about you? do you like them?
 do you watch tv? I sure do. DO you like the SImpsons?
 Do you watch Television?  I love watching television, how about you?
 Hi, do you watch Brooklyn nine nine? Hi, I don't but I heard it was cancelled? Are you a big fan?
 hey there, do you watch much tv? Not a lot. There are a few shows that I watch and keep up on though, but I stream them online after they air. What about you?
 Do you enjoy watching tv? I do, what shows do you like to watch?
 Do you like drama series? I do!  My favorite was House!  I was sad when it ended.
 Good morning, are you into dramas? Good morning. I like dramas especially when they are combined with music like opera.
 Do you listen to the radio?  Not really. I tend to watch dramas or read more. How about you?
 Are you familiar with Ask Amy, the column?  I've heard of it I think she gives pretty good advice, what do you think
 Hello, are you into dramas? Yes I like tv dramas but not radio dramas. It's a shame because I would love to use that site with thousands of free radio dramas!
 Reading is the complex cognitive process of decoding symbols to derive meaning. It is a form of language processing. Did you know ? I did not. But I love to read. I just read the Antonin Scalia has a Virginia Law school named after him!
 Hi there. Do you enjoy reading? It can be used for so much like language acquisition, communication, and sharing information and ideas. I do, I feel like it makes me smarter and you can learn a lot of cool things by just reading 
 Hello how are you.  Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson where the richest presidents in American history? I did not, I would have thought it would have been a more recent president
 How's it going? Did you know the top three wealthiest Presidents were JFK, Jefferson, and George Washington? I wonder how much money they had I am not sure, but about Washington and Jefferson, but I believe jfk had Millions, his family always been a rich family.
 do you know much about presidents? Yes I do. DO you know who the wealthiest three presidents are?
 Hi, how are you? Do you use Facebook? Yes, I use Facebook everyday. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good do you like television ?
 Hello,  do you like dance? I do, but I haven't in a long time. Do you know Tupac was a ballet dancer?
 Have you heard of a guy named daderina? Apparently his real name is Mark Daniels Is he the dad that went up on stage and helped his daughter finish her ballet dance because she had such bad stage fright?
 Hi. Are you a fan of Ryan Seacrest? I guess E! network did an investigation on him for sexual misconduct. I am a fan, and reallly? I did hear about the allegation, I wonder if they are true
 Do you like television?  I have binge watched Pokemon - all 750 episodes! I do!  I havent seen any episodes of Pokemon, but I play the game on the app.
 Hi there, do you watch tv? Hey there I watch television from time to time. I mostly \watch Netflix though, what about you?
 Hello! Are you a car enthusiast? Yeah I like them. how about you?
 Do you have kids? I have one. Do you have kids?
 Do you like to go on road trips by car? Yes I love to go on road trips!  What about you?
 Hello. Are you a Simpson's fan? There is only one episode where Bart doesn't exist, they don't even mention his name. He's the entire show! That is weird, but no I'm not a fan of the show. I'm not much of a south park fan either but apparently they are fans of each other because the simpsons crew sent flowers to them when the final episode aired.
 Hey do you drive a car? What kind of car do you have I ain't got no car at the moment, though I would like me one of them. YOu got one? They sure are nice.
 Hey Are You familiar with how YouTube works? I am its fan, how about you
 Hello hi, what is you opinion about Trump's State of the Union ?
 Youtube is so expensive I never knew that did you?  Expensive? it's free to watch. They are worth a lot of money though, billions and billions.
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of the President? And of the senate? I think the President could definitely do a better job. I don't follow the Senate much. I guess they're more prestigious than the House of Representatives?
 Hello, I think Jalen Remsey can be kind of harsh on players He is very vocal. Did . you hear what he said about Matt ryan?
 Hi. Do you keep up with politics? A little bit how bout you.
 did you know the senate used a gavel for over 160 years before richard nixon finally cracked it That's crazy, it was definitely built to last. There's not many things that would last that long. 
 Hi, Did you know that YouTube originated with three guys from PayPal who later sold the site to Google? I saw that fact when I read the information and I was really surprised there was a connection between PayPal an YouTube. I guess it makes sense because they are both popular companies these days.
 Good morning, are you a baseball fan? Evidently, there is a  controversy over a teen throwing over 800 pitches in a week, and some say its abuse. I am a baseball fan!  The pitcher who did that was Daisuke Matsuzaka.  He ended up pitching for the Boston Red sox.
 Do you enjoy baseball?  I wonder how far is too far for teenage pitchers.  One Japanese teen threw 881 pitches in two weeks.  I hope his arm lasts him to adulthood. Yes, I like baseball but I would let my son get abused like that.  I realize its a tournament but that's crazy.
 Hi do you know that baseball is so popular in Japan Yes. But controversial, too. Understand young high school pitchers have really high pitch counts- all to win.
 Did you know that Hugh Laurie is the highest paid actor ever for a TV Drama? I did know that.  $700000 per episode for House.
 Good morning. Are you a House fan? Hugh Laurie made 700K per episode. Yeah I watch sometimes. That's a crazy amount of money.
 Hello there, are you a sports fan at all? Not really. I did watch the super bowl though. How about you?
 Do you like watching sports? I love watching sports. I am doing it now. do you like watching sports?
 Hello there, do you follow baseball at all? I usually follow toward the end of the season, when the playoffs roll around. What about you?
 Did you ever watch Sesame Street when you were a kid? I did, I just to love that show! do you like it?
 Are you interested in birds?  I kind of like birds, we have a bird feeder outside our back window.
 Have you watched Sesame Street? I used to when my kids were young.  I liked Oscar the Grouch.  He seemed realistic.
 Hey how are you doing, do you have kids that watch Sesame Street? I used to love watching Sesame Street myself! How about you? I was surprised to find out Caroll Spinney was the performer behind both Big Bird as well as Oscar the Grouch!
 hello how are you doing? Reggie miller, nba hall of famer, couldn't escape his older sister cheryl's shadow while in high school. on january 26, 1982, he scored a career high 40 points. he tried bragging about it on the car ride home, only to find out cheryl scored 105 points and broken 8 national records! Yes, and do you like Basketball?
 Hello.  Have you ever been to South Africa? I have not. Have you?
 I love the internet. Its a huge connection of computers and networks Do you spend more time on the internet or on your television watching televised programming?
 Good afternoon.  Are you a basketball fan? Yes I am, are you? What do you think of Billy Preston?
 did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types? I have a dog, I wonder what type of blood he has, I didnt know he could have 12 different types.
 Do you like to watch car races? I do not really watch car races. Do you? Are they good?
 Hi, how are you? Do you like television? It's ok, don't really watch much of it.
 What type of entertainment do you enjoy? I like reading book, watching tv (films and shows), exercising, cooking and if I have time left I play video games or browse the internet. And you ?
 Do you like to watch basketball? Sometimes, usually just the playoffs. I'm surprised Air Jordans were banned tho!
 The national basketball association sets rules for players pay and a draft to ensure that teams are roughly equal. I think thats a good thing, do you follow the NBA?
 Do you like basketball? I read that Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's dominant use of the dunk got the shot banned from college basketball for over a decade. I bet. Kareem was a beast on the court. Gheorghe Muresan was one of the tallest players in the NBA. He was 7'7.
 Good morning! How are you? Good, how are you doing?  
 Do you watch tv shows? On tv or internet? I only watch on TV.  I do stream some but I still put them on my smart TV rather than a computer.  I use the LED technology but if I had a smaller screen I would use OLED.
 Hi, how are you? Pretty well. How are you?
 Are you a dog lover? Yes, I am. I love dogs! How about you?
 Do you enjoy using the internet? Yes, I do! How are you?
 Hi, do you watch a lot of TV? Or telly if you're British? Yes, and I'm all USA.  Wow, there are over 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Hi, how are you? hi i'm good, did you know that airplane travelling is ten percent slower than it was in the 1960's?
 Do you enjoy travel?  If so, what is your preferred way to travel (e.g., bus, car, and airplane)? I love to travel. I actually have my pilot's license so my favorite method is hands down a plane :D Possibly I'm related to King Kalakaua from Hawaii with my desire to travel near and far? 
 hi, do you travel? I do, both for work and business. I'm usually always on the go. I wish I had that commuter bus that the Dutch are creating that goes 160mph.
 My favorite nfl team, the Ravens, lost yesterday.  Their QB play was terrible. Yeah, I was surprised to see him do so poorly. I wanted them to win too
 Hello,  did you know the President of Indonesia made 3 pop albums?  He sounds like a fun president,  concerts and after parties all the time lol  Yes I heard that exact comment before.  What did you think about the summit between Trump and Kim?
 Are you a fan of the NBA? I am, how about you?
 Do you think that politics is better or worse for having switched to a system where the vice-president runs with the president instead of being the runner up?   I think it is worse because the runner up is no longer involved.  What do you think?
 Too bad the CEO of Mathas Table is stepping down, quality will be lost there for sure Only 6 years ago did she take the helm of the dc food pantry!
 hey my friend do you have amazon Prime? Hi, there. Yes, in fact I love my Amazon Prime because I get free shipping plus much more. Amazon is an amazing company.
 Hey there! I just bought the most incredible dress on Amazon. I love Amazon! Cool, me too. I love Amazon as well. Did you know that the founder of Amazon.com's name is Jeff Bezos and that Amazon.com was created in 1994?
 Do you think that Patty Stonesifer is making the right call? I know she is CEO of a company, but am not sure which one.
 How often do you use Amazon, if at all? I've used it a lot this past month.  How about you?
 hey did you know that a creed concert was so horrible that people filed a lawsuit against them? Lol no, but I'm not surprised that creed's concert was that bad that they got sued
 Hey there do you like dramatic movies? oh I love them, it's my second favorite movie type after comedy.  I love to be an actor someday, The highest paid actor is Laugh Laurie, He earned $700000 for episode of the House. That was a brilliant show too.
 Hey what do you think about mr. Rogers? Did you hear about the new film about him I haven't heard about it.  What is it called?
 Hi, how are you? Im great, do you like Christian films?
 Did you know that the second largest website is Youtube due to the net worth? Wow, that is surprising.  It makes sense because it gets a lot of traffic and Google has been able to develop it.  Do you know who founded the company or where it is located?
 Merry Christmas!  I have a day off coming soon and want to watch some television.  Do you have any recommendations? Id would definitely recommend South Park
 How's it going, did you know the president's guest house is larger than the White House? Hi, Yes I did. I learned that on a trip to DC where I toured the White House. They didn't let us in the guest house though.
 Hello! Did you know the white house has twin buildings in France and Ireland? I heard that! I guess people in those countries admire that aspect of the US. i would love to visit.
 Are you a fan of baseball?  I  am a fan of the game, what about you?
 hey hows it going? Im good I was reading about how these three men got arrested trying to breach the white house.
 Hi, how are you? Are you a baseball fan? Yes I am what about you?
 Hi! I was happy to see the late passengers of Flight 93 who died on 9/11 receive praise from the president! Yeah. I read the 9/11 commision report and cried while reading it due to those heros.
 Have you ever visited the white house I have not, have you?  I hears the president guest house is bigger than the white house.
 The White House sure has a long history! It does! There are a lot of interesting things about it
 Hi - do you know much about presidents? I do. Do you know a lot about them?
 Good morning! Dp you think Trump will join the richest presidents? I do not think so. What do you think?
 Do you like concerts? i do, but i dont really have the time or money to go these days. i used to go a lot. what about you?
 Did you know Linkin Park played 324 concerts in 2001.  That's unreal,  I guess they had only two places to be either on stage or on the tour bus; no time for anything else.  While concerts are generally loud, some are louder than others. Did you know the Foo Fighters did a concert in New Zealand that was so loud it was picked up on seismic monitors?
 Hi, are you into cars, radios, or clothing? I love cars. Do you know how Cadillac got its name?
 Hello, How are you? Hello, I am good.  How are you?  Did you know that Apple had a clothing line in 1986?
 Hi there what do you know about the White House? I know that the Guest House is bigger than the white house. 
 Do you enjoy cars? I lease a car but I do not own a car and I don't care too much for cars. I am very interested in sociopolitical events, though, and I am deeply saddened to hear of the news that Detective Jacai Colson was killed under friendly fire. Did you hear about this?
 An undercover detective holding his badge and shouting "police, police" was shot and killed by police in Maryland. Cat-like reflexes, trained to perform at the highest level, equipped with the finest weapons and trained to distinguish between friend and foe...did this to a fellow law enforcement professional. This is dangerous work with genuine risk. My hearts go out to all involved. Were there flame throwers involved? If this was South Africa, cars can legally be equipped with those.  Talk about deterrent!
 So what do you think about president trump? I'm not a fan of the way he is going about things but I respect the office of president. 
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you?
 I got an interesting article about Trump, Oh?  What's he saying now?
 I wonder what the media would say about Teddy Rosevelt and Quincy Adams not using a Bible at their inaugurals today They would probably applaud for the most part.  I find it amazing that Jefferson cut out the supernatural parts of the Bible.
 Hello, what do you prefer? Republics or Kingdoms? I would prefer a republic. There is an election of representatives.
 Hello,  how are you ? The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana I am well. That's pretty funny! The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson
 Interesting to learn more about Tondo. There population of 200,000 people or more I believe that is in Manila and is a slum. Many of the residents live in 50-square-foot shacks which I cannot imagine. 
 Do you have an Apple computer? I don't, but I use an Iphone. Why? 
 Hi! Hope you're having a good day. Have you been following all the drama around Michael Cohen?? No, who is he? 
 The ACLU claims to not support either political party.  Huge lie.  The ACLU is so left it is totally in bed with democrats.  The want control of how Comey's private files are reviewed. Did you know monaco eliminated income tax in 1869?
 Did you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the government?  No, I did not. That is crazy. I usually do not think of the government as land owners. 
 Hi, do you use facebook? I do!  Wish I had created it.  I would probably be super rich now.  lol
 Hey there do you use Facebook? What do you think about Mark Zuckerberg? I think that he is a dude who is in charge of a massively different product that he anticipated
 Hi! Do you use facebook? I do not use Facebook. It has poor policies about privacy. Do you use Facebook?
 Hello. Do you use Facebook? Hello there, I do and use it about once a day.  How about you?
 Good Morning! How are you today? Good morning. I'm great thank you. Do you follow politics?
 Do you enjoy traveling? Hello there, I do, but don't get to go as much as I would like to.  How about yourself?
 I spend a lot of time on YouTube. How about you? I spend a little time on it looking at how to videos. What do you watch?
 I got so angry when I heard about that black man getting arrested I feel the same way. I don't know how they could smell marijuana in his pocket.
 Do you like to listen to the radio? I do, usually while driving.  Nothing like that Finnish station which broadcasts in classical Latin though.
 Hello, have you watched the series 13 Reasons Why? I have not, have you?
 Do you use television for entertainment? no, I am more into streaming. I really like Netflix.
 Wow I wonder why Orange is the new black is so noteworthy. I have never seen one episode, have you? I have, I like it, too bad the series got cancelled.
 Do you have a favorite Netflix show? They've come so far since Lilyhammer. Honestly, the subscription is worth it just for the OFfice sometimes. Did you know they account for 33% of all bandwidth at night?
 Hi, do you like television? I like it, some shows more than others.  How about you?
 Netflix is an American media service found in 1997 by Reed hastings and Marc randolph. That's quite interesting. Do you have a Netflix subscription?
 Have you heard about the Orange is the New Black Cancellation?  They are cancelling after seven seasons. i guess they ran out of stories. i dont really know the show. seven seasons? that is a good run.
 Have you watched "13 Reasons Why" on Netflix? I have not, but lets talk about Netflix. They spend a lot of money on postage, even more then bandwidth 
 So Mo'Nique is boycotting Netflix? Yea, I guess she wanted more money.
 Hey!  Wach any good Netflix movies lately? I did not watch 13 reasons why, but i do like Jessica Jones
 Hi. Do you watch Netflix? Hi. I used to.  Do you watch Netflix?
 Hey there do you ever watch Netflix? I love Netflix that I watched it today actually haha Hi, how are you? I used to watch Netflix. It's gotten so popular.
 Hello do you watch TV? I do watch tv. What about you, do you watch tv?
 do you watch tv? I do quite a bit. Do you watch the SNL?
 hey there, are you a fan of TV at all? Of course! I especially enjoy comedies like SNL's "weekend update" segment, are you a fan?
 Good morning - I love baseball and can't wait for spring training to start! Hello there!  I am the same, my team had one of the best seasons they have ever had so I'm excited as well!
 Hi! Are you into baseball? I'm not really a fan but I know a decent amount about it. 
 Do you enjoy baseball? Hi, how are you? Yes, I enjoy baseball. I usually try to watch the World Series.
 Good morning! How are you today? Im great, do you like baseball?
 What physical means does the telephone use to transmit sound? Im not sure what it means what Im surprised by is the power of the Iphone
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, did you know that dolphins can communicate though phones and understand each otehr?
 do you like drama? Yes I do. Did you know JOn Hamm was a high school teacher for drama
 Hi, how are you? Good!  How often do you use the internet?
 Did you know that 80% of the earth's natural forests are destroyed already? That is so sad considering we humans would only represent a minute and seventeen seconds if we viewed its history as a 24 hour period. And we've already destroyed so much it.
 hi, do you know much about the earth? I know that we as humans are not doing a good job of taking care of it, we have already destroyed 80% of the natural forests.
 Hello, are you particularly interested in politics? I try to stay out of politics but unfortunately I do get sucked into it sometimes haha. I did see that Wikileaks was going to be destroyed by the US government apparently, and then Wikileaks leak that plan haha that's so crazy
 hey my friend do you watch TV? I do like watching TV, do you have any favorite shows?
 Hi! Can you believe the three wealthiest presidents of all time were Jefferson, Washington and JFK? Hi! Washington and jFK makes sense, this is probably a bit out of date (i.e., Trump). The president of indonesia released 3 pop albums in office. Multi talented!
 Good morning!  Do you like to play any video games? I do, its one of my favorite activities, do you?
 Hey! How are you today?
 Theres a store in alabama that sells items left at airports Wouldn't that be fun to go to?
 Do you watch a lot of tele or tv? hey there, dI do watch some, have you ever watched Pokemon?
 Hello Friend.  Do you want to talk about clothing?  Did you know that Pilgrim clothing was full of color and that they only wore black for special occasions?  Doesn't that seem strange? I guess people dont like the normal. the abnormal makes for interesting narrative. the pilgrims were just folks like you and me. 
 What type of entertainment do you enjoy? Hi, I enjoy quite a few different things. Tops on my list is probably video games. I read that in total the planet plays about 3 billion hours of video games a week.
 Hello, How are you today? Good morning; I am doing great today thank you for asking!
 Episcopal is a private boarding school in Alexandria with a lot of diversity. Yes I have heard that it is a very beautiful school. Are you familiar with David Zeng by chance?
 Hi there, do you like the NFL games Hi there I sure do. Did you know snoop dogg wrote a song for his son's school team?
 Do you know what the highest scoring football game was? No, 150-ish  ?
 Hello and good morning. You a basketball fan? I used to play a lot. I like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar he was very dominant. His dunk was crazy. Yes I am a basketball fan. I follow the NBA more than I follow college basketball. Who is your favorite team?
 There are so very odd facts about the united states government. I wonder if the same can be said for other countries.  I'm sure there is. I find it odd that every US president with a beard has been Republican. 
 Hello! Do you have a favorite football team? hi, how are you? no i dont. i dont really know the sport well. You?
 Hi!  Do you follow the government? A little the Republican party is also called the GOP.
 Hello there! Hello, do you know Paul Manafort, former Trump campain chairman
 Hi, how are you? What do you think of government? I like it but do not like some of the players. You?
 Do you consume the news a lot? Not really. I don't like all the negativity although I am guilty of getting news form social media like facebook.
 What are your thoughs on media? I think it's very important for people to stay informed and also as equally important to not be biased by what you see and that certain publications are biased vs others, what about you?
 Good morning! Are you a fan of football? Good morning. Yes. which is your favourite football team ?
 do you like the band Kiss? I like them a lot, I guess they bought into an arena football team I do enjoy their music.  I think its cool that they offered a contract to Tim Tebow to play.
 Have you heard that Trump is apparently worried over the Manafort trial? It's been in the news lately. Yeah, Paul Manafort is quite the character, as is Trump. Trump was evidently quoted saying he didn't understand why the government didn't tell him Manafort was under investigation.
 What do you think about the company Trump keeps like Paul manafort? I think it is questionable.  Obviously the problem is two-fold for Trump.  The types he associates with and when he endorses someone, that stamp of approval does not mean much.
 Hi! Are you a football fan? I watch some football on occasion.
 Hi! Do you follow the government at all? I find it awfully ironic that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy them. Ha! I've always followed the government closely. Unfortunately it's become a reality show lately so it's been even easier to follow. Ha - Assange is never getting out of Ecuador.
 Do you like football? Yes, college mainly. Did you know the U. of Iowa has a pink locker room for the visiting team?
 Do you enjoy sports? Yeah, for the most part. Do you?
 Do you have an interest in politics? Yes I do, why are Americans so hard on president Trump?
 Do you follow politics? Yes, I dont like Trump, how about you?
 "The mistrust of the media is so extreme among Republicans that 40 percent consider otherwise accurate news stories to be "fake news" if the stories cast a politician or political group in a negative light. " I find that number to be really more than I thought... Do you think the news is fake?
 Hello,  hows it going?  did you know the Presidents guest house is bigger than the white house?  That is crazy! I did hear that. pomp and circumstance. Apparently the president of Indonesia has 3 pop album. 
 Iowa's guest locker room for football teams is painted pink, hilarious! LOL.  I know all about it being a Nebraska fan who has had teams play there!  Are you a fan of football?
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. DO you know who are the three wealthiest us presidents?
 Do you get a lot of news from the media? I try to stick with larger media outlets.  I follow news aggregators, like Drudge and then for issues I am interested, I get info from different sources to weed out biases.  Media is still important but needs to report more and opine less.  I think that's the gist of the Gallup poll.  Your thoughts?
 Episcopal High School is great for learning football and bonding as a team.  It is very diverse as well. Yeah I heard it is a good school.  I guess the student population there is 445. 
 Hello. How are you? Hey!  I am doing well, enjoying my Sunday.  How are you?  Getting ready to watch some college basketball this afternoon.  The brainchild of James Naismith! Are you a fan?
 I was sad to see that Charlotte Rae died.  I loved the show The Facts of Life when I was young I've never seen a show but I did hear good things. She actually was nominated for an Emmy for her work on Broadway which I think is cool
 Hello do you enjoy watching the telly? I don't watch so much now. I use the computer mostly. You?
 Did you watch The Facts of Life?  Yeah I though it was a great show, too bad Charlotte Rae did although she was old.
 I can't believe ABC brought back Last Man Standing. I have never seen it.  I don't really watch much TV
 Hey! Did you hear that actress Charlotte Rae passed, she was the house mother on the factss of Life, so sad. It is sad. She did have a long life though. She lived to 92. I hope I make it that long.
 Hello! How are you tonight? Hi, I am doing great.  Do you want to chat about drama, television, or comedy?  It's your choice.
 hi, do you like comedy? I do, I think comedy is a great genre what about you?
 Hello do you subscribe to Netflix? Hello, yes i do have Netflix!  Do you ?
 Hello there, do you like Netflix? Hi! I love Netflix! I wonder if they have that new tv show called Grownish on it?
 Hey I like to watch Netflix, what about you? How often do you watch it Hey there, I love Netflix . I watch most of the shows there.
 Humans are amazing! we have evolved into smart species.  hi how are you? we are a very smart species. we dont have much hair though!
 Hi!  Im a human, yet there are so many facts about being human I didnt even know!  how about you? That is true.   Humans are the only current members of Hominina.
 Hello,  did you know humans have a defective gene and cannot produce our own vitamin c? I heard that before, even though most plants and animals make their own vitamin C.  Did you hear that there is a certain sound frequency that causes fear in humans? I wonder what it is?
 The White House is at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington D.C. and has been there since 1800 and I have never been.  Have you? I've never been, though I want to go.The White House seems behind the curve technologically. W. had solar panels put back on the White House. Reagan had them taken off. I wonder why Clinton didnt put them back on. Floppy disks? I wonder if they have laser printers yet. Or mice. 
 Good day. Do you follow politics? I do.  It is hard not to follow it nowadays.  The president is always in the news
 I didn't know that The top three wealthiest presidents in american history were jfk, washington, and jefferson Neither did I, I wouldn't have guessed it was them. I've also never heard that until 1805 the runner up in the presidential election became V.P. Do you think they should bring this back?
 Did you know that Nevada is 86% owned by the government?  I figure that the govt must be doing something out in that desert. Experiment? Military games? Alien landings? LOL
 Hi, how are you doing on this fine day? Hi! I am doing great and just finished catching up on the news, how about you?
 Hello. Did you know that jfk, washington, and jefferson were the richest presidents ? yes they were the top 3. 
 Do you follow the government much? I guess I do a little bit. You?
 Did you know that the White House has two twin buildings in Ireland and France? No, I hadn't heard that but I did know that the guest house is bigger than the white house.
 hi how are you doing? Not too bad, what's your view on the trade negotiations?
 Hey have you ever heard of dick Goodwin? Not alot, He helped Lyndon B. Johnson's vision of a great society!
 Hi. Have you ever visited Washington, D.C.? No i haven't yet but I'd like to. Have you?  I'd like to see the White house.  It was built back in 1800.
 hello did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? Yes, I new that very interesting. Did you know the Eiffel Tower was sold twice?
 hi there, do you know much about the presidents? I know a little. How about you?
 hey there, do you know much about politics? About average but I do stay informed.  For example, Trump seems to be following precedent in regard to mixing business and recreation on travel.
 Hello there, do you follow politics much? I do a little bit, but I think I like history more. I like knowing how it all works out. Like the first President to move into the White House was Thomas Jefferson in 1801.
 Do you watch the news and follow politics? I do, I follow news on the government, It makes me mad when they try to censor free speech
 Do you ever pay attention to the news articles about Trump's tweets? Yes I have. 
 Hello! How are you today? Hello there, I am well thank you, I hope you are too.  Do you follow politics much?
 Do you like Trump as president? Well that was a nice start haha. No I don't, do you?
 Do you follow politics,? Not much, I should follow what the government is doing. And you ?
 hey there, do you like tv? I usually don't watch live TV anymore, but rather I stream them online afterwards. Still, it's a big part of life. Have you ever seen the show Shark Tank?
 Do you watch tv? I do! Especially Family guy and the Simpsons, how about you?
 Did you know the 3 horizontal lines on a menu app is called a hamburger button? No, i did not.  That is interesting. I wonder who named it, Ronald McDonald?
 hi, how are you? do you like dogs? Hi there! I am doing great. How are you? Yeah, dogs are really smart. Dogs and elephants are the only animals that can instinctively understand pointing.
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! Do you like dogs?
 Do you watch Hockey?  I used to, I normally watch Basketball. Do you watch either?
 Do you like basketball? I do, although I play hockey as well
 Basketball is a really high paced game with 5 players per team on the court. I thought it was really interesting that cheerleaders can't eat in the same place as NFL players
 Hello - how are you today? Hi.  I am well.  How are you?
 Hi, Are you a big tv fan?  Do you like the Simpsons?  If you enjoy Bart, then don't worry all the episodes except one have him it it. I used to love the Simpsons. I also used to love Pokemon but not so much anymore. There are 750 episodes of Pokemon!
 Hello do you like television? I love watching television, how about you?
 Do you watch tv? Yes I do.  I watch some shark tank and was shocked to learn recently that most of the deals made are never acted upon.
 hello. Hi there!  Do you watch Netflix?
 HI how are you? Doing good, I read Netflix is planning to release a sequel to  A Christmas Prince, I've never heard of it
 do you watch tv much? Yes I do. Do you watch the Simpsons?
 Do you like to watch tv?  It has evolved so much over the years from the old black and white sets with no remote. I do, I love to watch TV, and yeah now TV are big and weight a lot less
 Do you watch Netflix? Living in a rural area with limited TV and Internet options, I subscribed to Netflix DVD subscription service.  Now that I have cellular internet, I do have streaming media, but with Amazon Prime, not Netflix.
 do you watch tv? I do a lot. Do you watch SNL?
 Hello! So do you watch Netflix at all? Hello,  yes absolutely,  do you?
 Man I ended up finding out yesterday that both Netflix and youtube make up half of internet traffic in America. That's crazy. It is crazy but not surprising to me. I think kids make up most of the You Tube Users with watching other children open gifts, I will never understand the thrill of watching that.
 Are you a big t.v. fan? Yes,  absolutely! When south park aired its family guy episode finale the producers received flowers from the simpsons crew
 Good morning! Good morning to you.
 Do you have a car? like to drive? i do not have a car. i do not like to drive. You?
 What is your favorite television show? I'm a big fan of BIllions, it is on Netflix, have you heard of it? 
 do you like rap music? I like Tupac and Eminem and you?
 Hello, I did not know Tupac shakur's music is in the library of congress , one of my favorites of all time Yes, Tupac Shakur was a rap artist who seemed to model his life around his violent lyrics.
 hi do you like rap music? I like some of it but mostly the old stuff from Tupac and such.
 Hi! Did you hear about the upcoming cable series about who killed Tupac and BIG? Yes.  It seems like true nineties crime dramas are everywhere!
 Did you ever listen to 90s rap? Yes omg yes who are some of your favorite rappers from that era?
 hey there was do you think about football? Do you watch it? Yes I do, how about you? did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor's locker room pink?
 hello do you like football?   Of course I do! I'm a big Patriots fan and I'm excited about this years Super bowl, what about you?
 hey my friend do you watch football at all? Yes, I do . I am fan. How about you?
 hey did you know that Thomas jefferson created his own version of the bible? I wonder how much of the bible was left after he "edited" the bible for supernatural parts
 Hi there how are you? Do you like dogs? Hello there, yes I am a big fan of dogs, how about you?
 Good morning.  how are you doing? Hello , very good! Do you like dogs?
 Hello, do you like dogs? Hey there I love dogs, what about you?
 Good Morning! Do you have Netflix? Yes I do have Netflix. And I watched Chris Rock special on it and it was awesome! What about you
 Hi Do you use Netflix? Sure! I enjoy many different types of things for my viewing pleasure, including Netflix originals. You?
 Were you a fan of Chris Rock's earlier comedy much or do you think he has a better style in the new Tamborine special? i honestly like the old stuff but i had no idea Netflix even released a special with him! i'm going to check it out.
 Hi. Have you heard of Chris Rock's show "Tambourine"? I did hear about that show, that's his new one right? I think the tour before this was called "Total Blackout" right
 Are you a Chris Rock fan? I am not. However, I do have a lot of respect for him, for owning up to his faults as a husband, and bringing porn addiction into the light.
 Do you like Rap?  Yes. I like learning about rappers too. The rapper 6ix9ine sounds like not a great guy. He recently attacked a 16 year old fan.
 Hello, did you know the car Cadillac was named after a French explorer by the same name? Or that the trunk of the car is called trunk because cars used to carry wooden trunks on the back?
 do you listen to the radio? Yes I do. You can listen to Jupiter's storms in am radio
 I wonder what made someone think that Tupac's music was culturally significant.  Me too.  I had no idea Eminem really wanted to be a comic book artist.  That's quite a talent.
 hi, do you watch hockey? Not too much, but I have my favorite teams. What about you? 
 Well this one was not that fun to read! Hello.  Are you a fan of rap music at all?
 Good morning!  Are you a basketball fan? Yea, it's interesting that Doris Burke was inducted to the Basketball hall of fame for electronic media
 hello Hi.  I need to listen to am radio.  Apparently you can hear radio storms on Jupiter!
 Hey how are you, you listen to the radio still? Yes I listen to the radio from time to time. have you ever tried to create a foxhole radio by the way?
 hey do you ever watch NBA games? I have I love watching NBA games, do you?
 In olden days, Radio is very useful to hear the news and mainly for entertainment purpose. Radio is the development of "wireless telegraphy". Wow! Very interesting! I used to listen to the radio all the time. I even used to listen to a country station. What's your favorite?
 Hello there, how are you doing today?  Are you a big rap fan? Yeah I listen to the songs from the 90s. I never knew that it was influenced by ancient Egyptian practices
 Hi there! How are you today? Im great listening to the radio, do you like listening to the radio?
 Do you have a favorite television show you like watching? Hi there, yes I do, I love the SImpsons among other shows. How about you?
 Do you like Basketball?  I do like basketball. I think it's very action-packed, especially compared to something like golf haha what about you?
 Hi there, do you like or watch hockey? I only occasionally watch it, but it's always a ton of fun when I do. Are you a hockey fan?
 Hello! how are you today? Hey I'm great thanks! How are you? Do you like rap music?
 Hey, are you into cars? Yes, I love them!! Do you have any favorites?
 Hey there, do you like or watch basketball? I do. He's old now but I did like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. 
 Do you like playing hockey? I occasionally watch hockey because my brother likes the sport, but I don't have any interest in playing. What about you? To be honest, I've never played it but I do occasionally watch it. In fact, I am a huge fan of Doc Emrick. He's one of the best play by play men in all of sports!
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! ;) I am as well.
 You travel much? Want to try out the 160mph commuter bus the dutch are working on? I would love too, as Japan's toll roads are so expensive if you want to really see the country.
 I know people have strong opinions, but to direct it at a boy scout seems to go a little too far. Yea, the use of an anti-gay slur on a child is appalling 
 Hi, how are you? what do you think of the internet? I think it is ok, maybe a bit addictive though. 
 Hi there, do you like to travel? Yes, i love to travel. usually i dont have the time and money for it though LOL
 Hey there do you drive a car? First car was created back in the1800s Yes, I do drive a car! I didn't realize that the first car was patented by a German man, Karl Benz
 Hello, did you know Cadillac was named after a French explorer?  I did not know that. Kind of cool and interesting
 Hey, how are you?  Do you like to travel?  I love it in all forms: walking, biking, driving, flying, and boating! Hello, I'm good thank you. I love to travel. Did you know the Dutch are creating a bus that goes 160 mph?
 Hi, how are you? Hey there.  You watch reality TV much?
 Hi , do you like to watch tv? Yes, not as much as I use to. I have cable, but not alot of time. Do you?
 Hi, how are you? Hello! I'm great how are you? Do you like TV?
 Did you know that McDonald's added drive-thru in 1975? For the military?
 Jupiter has radio storms so strong that they can be picked up and heard by an am radio.i did not know that! Did you? No I didn't even know our radio waves were affected by other planets. What other crazy facts do you know about the radio.
 It's amazing how far technology has advanced.  It wasn't even that long ago - within a few generations - that we didn't even have telephones.  Now the US nuclear icbm deterrent is much weaker than an iphone!  A iphone!  It doesn't even seem possible considering the size of the hardware involved. Yeah, it's crazy how far we have come.  
 Dancing is a way of expressing joy and amount of happiness either it is money motivated or not Never been much of a dancer to tell the truth, nor do I like these shows like Dancing With the Stars.
 Hey there! You ever watch Dancing with the Stars? I watch here and there, do you?
 Wow did you ever hear about Shawn Grate, the serial killer from Ohio?  He sounds like a horrible man.  Sure glad they caught him.  Scary. Yeah that does sound really scary. You know they said he was good looking, that would help a serial killer.
 Did you hear about that serial killer Shawn Grate? I have not, who was he?
 Never knew Soccer was called or referred to as Association Football. Did you? i had no idea either. did you know soccer makes more money than other major sports combined?
 Do you like watching Tv? Somewhat but I prefer Netflix. That fact that tv is a medium for mass advertising is something I don't like about it. You? 
 I am a big dog lover. Do you like dogs? I'm a dog lover.  lol
 Did you know that soccer makes more money than football, basketball, baseball, golf, tennis and hockey combined? I didnt know that but I guess it makes sense, soccer is a really popular sport played in over 200 countries and with 250 million players
 I didn't know there were any episodes where Bart didn't appear in the Simpsons. That is interesting, I know homer had over 188 jobs in the show!
 Did you hear about the Rudolph cartoon controversy this last holiday season? Yes,so ridiculous! True Rudolph was bullied but it's a classic....I guess I never really thought about it.
 Hello how are you?  Do you watch TV? There is only one episode of "the simpsons" where bart neither appears, nor is mentioned I don't watch a lot, but I enjoy comedies when I do. The term television can refer to the actual TV or a TV show. 
 Did you see Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer as a kid? I saw it on TV many times. It's in the news for upsetting people, I guess. I only saw it once. Why is it in the news? 
 Do you like Football. It seems the redskins had a good weekend. I am a football fan, not a Redskins fan. I like Eli Manning...
 Hello, are you a sports fan? I like baseball and football. I'm not a big fan of basketball. How about you?
 Hello - how are you doing today? I am good. How about you?
 The TV show House was interesting. I used to watch it and I do not watch much TV at all. $700000 per episode is a lot.  I'd rather watch the Redskins and Saints play football on Monday night
 Do you use facebook? Hi, I do. I really wish I had invested in it too, but I missed that boat. Not as bad as myspace who had the chance to buy facebook for just 75 million.
 Did you hear about the shooting at the Capital Gazetter Newspaper? a real tragedy Yes, it was.  I can sympathize with the writer of the article when he said that he was feeling like a kid.
 Did you know that the sun is actually white?  No, I did not. Why do we see it as yellow?
 do you know much about the sun? Some stuff. I know that is is white but we see it as yellow
 do you watch much TV? Hello,  Yes I do watch some TV,  how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good!  Do you use google often?
 Hey there! Do you like watching television? Hello! |I do, i love the Simpsons! What is your favorite show or movie?
 Did you hear about the parents that biked 10,000 to see their child compete in the Olympics?  yeah that is so cool. Those people in Switzerland must be in such good shape. They definitely took the scenic route.
 Hello!  Did you know that Google was founded in 1998? No, I thought it was a lot older than that, but the internet wasnt mainstream much before that either.
 Good morning! If you use an Android device, you are contributing to the traffic on  Google maps, as they track how fast android devices are moving. Good morning!  That's interesting!  Google once used live goats instead of people to take care of the lawn around their headquarters.
 hi, do you watch tv? Yea I watch South Park all the time, it's funny that The SImpsons workers sent them flowers for parodying Family Guy
 hi, do you watch tv? hi, I do from time to time have you ever seen the show shark tank?
 did you know that there was a moral panic in the 1700's because everyone was reading books? haha I didnt know that lol. we sure are close to a moral panic with all the tablets and social media kids and adults are using.
 What's your favorite kind of car?  I like sport cars and SUV's. Do you know why Cadillacs are named like that?
 Hi do you like reading?  I do. Yes I do, I always have. What kind of books do you like to read?
 do you like cars? Yes I do. DO you know why started the drive thru and when?
 Do you own a car? i do! I own a 4 weeheled motor vehicle. I bought my very first brand new car back in 2014. How about you?
 Hi Turker, what is your favorite car, American built car? I have many but I would have to go with the Corvette.  I would just have to remember not to warm it up in Ohio. 
 Hi how are you? Hi there! I'm great! Thanks for asking! And how are you?
 Helo,  do you like reading? Yeah it's one of my favorite hobbies. What about you?
 Hello! How are you today? I am OK.  How are you?
 Are you into reading? I do love reading!  How about you?
 Are you a reader? Sort of. You?
 Hey, how are you? I am doing well, how are you?
 hi, do you like cars? I sure do, what about  you? 
 Hello, do you know much about clothing? Just what I buy and wear. I am no fashionista though. Do you like fashion and clothing?
 How do you feel about Horror movies? Did you know you can burn more than 180 calories watching them? i like this movie Get Out
 Hi there! Did you know there was only one Simpson's episode where Bart did not appear? I did know that. The episode was 4 women and a manicure. Do you like the Simpsons?
 Do you enjoy watching films or tv? I love watching films but not so much tv
 Hello!  Do you know much about the history of clothing? I know quite a bit, actually. I know there was a man who wrote 70 different items of clothing in a Chinese airport just to avoid the bagging charge. Ha! What about you?
 Did You hear that The dutch are creating a commuter bus designed to travel at 160mph ? that would be sweet.  i heard soccer makes more than football basketball baseball golf tennis and hockey combined
 Hey do you ever watch DC United play? No but I did hear they played to the largest MLS crowd in Georgia 
 Hi, Do you like travel? I love to travel. It's hard to afford for me, though. Do you travel much?
 Hi, how are you? Hi, I am good.  How are you?  Do you like to travel?  I've heard that the dutch are building a commuter bus that can go 160 mph!
 Hello. Do you use Facebook very much? Hi. Actually, I don't. But did you know that Myspace turned down buying facebook in 2005?
 hi, do you use facebook? Yes, I use Facebook. Every day but with caution. lol
 I can't imagine what Facebook would look like if it were red or green. Even though it's due to color blindness, I'm glad it turned out blue ya me too, also glad myspace didnt' buy facebook back in 2005 haha
 How do you get your news? I am a huge Fox News fan. What about you?
 Hey there how often do you drive a car? I just got back from driving mine actually I used to drive a lot, but I moved to a more walk-able city and do not use it as much. 
 Hi, do you use facebook I don't really use it. How about you?
 Hello, are you interested in politics at all? I am, to a certain degree, yes. You? It's all been kind of driving me nuts lately, but somehow I have been able to survive. 
 Hello Hi do you use facebook?
 Do you use the internet frequently? Every day!  lol  I love the video sharing site youtube.
 Freedom of speech vs freedom of association, what are your thoughts on this? I don't pay any attention to Alex Jones/Info Wars, so I don't have an opinion...other than the President does NOT have the right to shut down media he does not like.
 do you know much about presidents? I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
 Do you use Facebook by chance? I have on but try to avoid it haha how about you?
 Hi there, how's it going?  It's going great! Which do you prefer, football or baseball?
 Hi, do you like football? I follow from time to time.  I hear players are finding ways to trick the concussion tests
 Hi do you watch the NFL? Yes I do. U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink
 do you like football I do. SNoop Dog once made a song for hi son's school team
 Do you enjoy sports? Yes, very much, baseball, football but my favorite is soccer
 Do you like sports? I do like sports. do you?
 Hi, how are you? Im great, do you know how to drive?
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio these days? Hey there.  Yup.  But trying to get into some country music.  Been interested in this singer named Brent Cobb.
 Hi, how are you doing tonight? Pretty well and you? DO you listen to music much?
 Hi!  Did you catch the Stanley Cup last year? Unforutnately I did not.
 Hey are you a fan of Brent Cobb? I'm not sure who he is, actually. Could you tell me how I should know of him?
 Did you know that  The ramones did over 2200 concerts over 20 years?  I did, but I never saw one of the concerts. I wonder if it is the most in one year? 
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? Hey partner! Yeah I listen to the radio in the car usually. It's pretty cool that it can modulate properties of electromagnetic energy to create sound.
 Hello,  how are you ? Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. That was a smart move on their part. Now, drive-thrus are popular with so many people- it may even be encouraging people to not get up and walk around! 
 Have you ever heard any of Brent Cobb's music? I am not sure - was his father the guy who opened for Chubby Checker?
 Have you heard any good albums lately?  no new ones, but dark side of the moon was released 40 years ago and was still one of the best selling albums in 2014
 Hey buddy! You listen to radio much? I do . I love music. Did you know two identical twins from Japan released a rap album at 100.
 do you like concerts? Yes and I go as much as I can, and you?
 Do you like Linkin Park? I do, I find their music great to work out too.  Apparently a lot of people do, their Hybrid Theory was the best selling album.
 Hello.  Do you watch baseball?  Do you ever watch the world series? I love baseball and this years world series was one of the best I have seen.
 I never like to see the same team when all the time so even if the Yankees are winning I am more excited by a team that almost never wins the championship That's how I feel. I root for the underdog. Did you know the dodgers have lost more world series than any other team.
 Hello, do you follow the NFL or the NBA? i follow them around the playoffs. you?
 Which one do you like baseball, football or basketball ? I like all of them, but I have most recently read up a bit on the NFL
 Do you follow the presidency? To some degree.  The president is the title for head of state in most republics. Where I grew up, they are titled Prime Ministers.
 This is one of those rummors I had heard about prior to Hannibel Burress and it made me so sad. This and the Clippers owner being racist were both really sad.  The Clippers owner and the Bill Cosby accusations are both disgusting and sad. They both need to be put away for a long time
 Do you like hockey ? I have passing knowledge of hockey, but to say I like it would be gong to far.
 Do you follow current politics in Washington DC? Yes I follow it from time to time. I also know that the president of Indonesia made three pop albums, maybe Trump will do the same haha
 Hello Hello there, did you ever play Nintendo?
 Hi. Do you know a lot about US presidents? I don't know too much!  I know that the first president of zimbabwe was named banana!
 Good Morning. I'm glad to see you are on today. Good morning to you too how are you doing? Are you a big Netflix guy? I personally love it along with many other people in North America.
 Hello!  what forms of entertainment do you like?  Have you ever played Nintendo? I grew up playing Nintendo but I have not played for many years, how about you?
 Hello, much of the writing is regarding the lack of journalism , how do you feel of this? i feel good
 Hey, see anything interesting in the news today? Um, no not really. I did read some interesting stuff about the white house though.
 Hello, how are you doing. Good!  You?  Do you watch Netflix?
 Hey how are you doing, do you know where the caps parade is by chance? 11am on Constitution Ave and 23rd Street NW. Traffic will be awful...
 Hi, do you know who the top three wealthiest Presidents were?  Yea, the wealthiest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson, I guess rich people have better things to do than be president
 Do you subscribe to Netflix? Yes, I enjoy the flix, even their hour long video of a burning log...Do you?  
 hi how are you? do you like our friend the sun? Hello,  yes I like the sun,  how about you?
 Do you happen to know about the murder of Barry and Honey Sherman? A little... Seems that money doesn't buy one's safety.  So wasn't claimed to have been done my family members?
 Did you hear about that Canadian billionaire and his wife that was murdered? No, I did not. Was it recently?
 Did you know that in new zealand, their basketball team is nicknamed the "tall blacks", don't think that would fly over here I was unaware of that. In the US the supreme court building has a basketball court on the top floor. 
 Hello. Do you watch sports much? I do! I like basketball, though I was never very good as a kid as I'm not very tall. How about you?
 Hi, how are you? Great, yourself?
 Hi there do you watch football? Hey there yes I do. Did you know U of Iowa painted their visitor locker room pink?
 Hello!  Are you a football fan? mmeeeh, forcefully by mu husband and father inlaw, I learned to love it and picked up some facts on the way... how about you? There are many different types of football, I know that :)
 Sean Hannity had an awkward moment, and his quoting of Braking Bad made him look really bad LOL... yeah right!  But i don't think he was quoting breaking bad was he?  I think they were comparing his quote to a scene in Breaking Bad?
 Do you ever listen to the radio? I don't as much as I used to. Every day! Gotta catch them radio waves, convert them into osculating current, and then music to my ears!  You?
 Hey there do you ever listen to the radio? I know I listen to AM radio on my way to work I do not. I usually listen to spotify. What do you enjoy listening to?
 Do you watch a lot of TV? Oh yes, I love tv.  I saw that weekend update debuted on the first episode of SNL and is their longest running skit
 Good morning!  Hope your day has started off well Thanks I hope that for you as well, did  you hear about Sean Hannity and his awkward comparison?
 hey there, do you use your telephone much? I use a cell phone, but I haven't used a landline in years. I think it's interesting how compared to the US nuclear ICBM deterrent, the iPhone has more computing power
 Do you know who the top 3 wealthiest presidents were? I honestly don't know! Do you know? I know as far as PhDs are concerned, Woodrow Wilson was the only president with a PhD!
 Hi!  What do you know about the Telephone? I know its a communication device that connects 2 or more users together.
 What do you think about the Catholic Church? It scares me that they don't have a system in place for reporting misconduct I think something needs to be done about that, immediately. Too many bishops are getting away with this. Like the one in West  Virginia.
 Hi. Do you like to travel? What is your favorite mode of transportation? I love air travel even though it's 10% slower than it was in the 1960s as they try to save on fuel costs now. What about you?
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, can you guess how much Judge Judy makes per episode?
 It looks like the Catholic Church is providing more ways to report misconduct, which is good. I know, there has been several scandals I agree with the full investigation of retired Archbishop Theodore.
 How long will Trump remain president of the United States? That's the real question!  I don't know. did you know the top three wealthiest presidents are jfk washington and jefferson
 Did you know 7% of people actually read the full TOS when buying products and apps online? I'm shocked that it's that high actually haha. I know that I never read those things haha. Other shocking thing is that there is actually 3-g cell service at the top of Mount Everest, good to know that I'll be able to post on Facebook while I'm hiking haha
 Hi, do you follow politics? somewhat, but not too closely. do you?
 Are you into politics? Not too much. I didn't vote for Trump.
 Hello there, do you like Pixar movies? I do actually they are pretty good. They have a secret studio where only celebrities can get in
 Did you know the internet is called the  (contraction of interconnected network) I did not know that. Who invented the internet?
 Do you keep up with any celebrities?  Not really, most of them are complete idiots.  I do remember the SNL Celebrity Jeopardy skit.  The Burt Reynolds character was hilarious.
 I've heard that religion and politics are some of the most uncomfortable things one can discuss with others. With that in mind, I'm all in on the Bull Moose party. Yourself? I've actually never heard of the Bull Moose party.  As far as politics go I would say I am currently for the republican party, otherwise known as the grand old party.
 did you know new yorks area code is 212 because it was the fastest to dial on a rotary phone? crazy huh Sort of makes sense.  I saw a couple of 17 year olds who were given a rotary phone and 4 minutes to make a call and they could not figure it out. The cables across the ocean just lay on the floor.  I don't know how else they would manage them.
 hello,  how are you?  did you know The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana I'm good, thank you, no I didn't! That is quite funny.  Do you know who the last u.s. president to speak a foreign language fluently was?
 Greetings! Do you like to travel? I find the individual experiences and the history fascinating. I do as well i'm currently visiting Vegas and i love to travel when ever i get the opportunity.
 Hello, do you like to travel? I like to travel, do you?
 Hello there, how's it going. Do you enjoy watching television? Hello there, I do, I love the Simpsons (the earlier seasons), how about you?
 Sharp Objects looks like a nice show, it has a cast that I like Amy Adams is really talented. She is the star!
 Do you like cars?  I'm more of a horse-n-buggy type of person myself, but I can appreciate a good Cadillac. You?
 Did you hear about the woman who left her toddlers in a hot car? She's going to prison. Hello there, yeah I read that, she should go to prison, that was such a horrible story. 
 Hello!  Do you watch horror films? No, cant say that I do.  I much prefer comedy.
 I like many different types of music. Do you enjoy music? I love music!  I once did a radio show and even wrote for music magazines!  I like pretty much every style.
 Hello do you still listen to albums? Hey! I love listening to albums. I know the concept is kind of disappearing today, but there's nothing better than a great album. How about yourself?
 Do you like music? I love music. I still have my Vinyl LPs
 Do you watch Netflix? I used to have a dvd subscription!  How about you
 Hello there, do you go to many live music concerts? Hello, I have not. The last time I went to a music concert was for a cultural concert about eight years ago. Speaking of concerts, did you know that Pink Floyd was performing at a live concert with nobody there?
 Do you like to go to concerts?  I do, but only small venues as I get claustrophobic... You?
 Hi there! How are you today? I;'m just hanging out watching TV.  I'm doing good, how are you?  You're wathing TV?  Neat, ever watch SNL?  I binged on a bunch old "Weekend Update" clips on Youtube recently...
 Hello! Do you like TV? Hi! Yes I do. Did you know that TV is sometimes called tele or telly?
 Hi. You a fan of Netflix? I love it personally. Founded all the way back in 1997! That's ancient history in Internet time. I don't use it myself, but I understand the appeal. Netflix has 137 million total subscribers worldwide, including 58.46 million in the United States.
 do you know much about presidents? I do, DO you know who the wealthiest ones are in the US?
 Are you a fan of West world? No I have no idea of the show
 I'll be watching netflix tonight. Netflix takes up 33% of the bandwidth in north america. Really? 33% I heard that netflix and youtube take up over 50% combined as well!
 Are you a Westworld fan? I have watched a few episodes, Evan Rachel Wood and James Marsden are pretty good in it
 Do you dramas on TV ? I enjoy watching dramas on TV. I think Patrick Stewart is a great actor and I would love to attend one of his master classes.
 Hi. Do you enjoy discussing politics? I used to but these days it seems to start fights whenever politics is discussed.
 Hey, did you know Netflix was founded in 1997 by Reed Hastings and Marc Randolph? I'd heard something like. Something about being frustrated by late fees. Serves Blockbuster right!
 Hello Good morning.  Do you watch the Emmy's?
 Hi there! How are you? I'm hanging out watching Netflix. Can't believe it was founded in 1997. I'm doing good. Yeah, I can't believe it all started because Reed Jastings had a $40 late fee for a VHS
 How's it going, do you watch much netflix? There are 58.46 million subscribers in the US I love Netflix. And there are 137 million subscribers worldwide!
 Did you know some actors make in excess of 700000? I heard that Hugh Laurie made 700,000 per episode of the tv show House. He was the highest paid at the time but I am sure people get paid more now...inflation. 
 Hello do you watch Netflix? I used to watch netflix. i dont now. You?
 Hi, do you follow politics or current events? A bit. How about you?
 I love watching the Presidents speak, Do you ever watch any politics? Good morning, yes I watch politics from time to time.  What about you?
 Do you know much about presidents? Some stuff. DO you know who the three wealthiest presidents are?
 Hi How are you this morning? I'm doing good. You follow politics? Steve Bannon has had a tough time lately.
 Hello,  did you know that the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? wow I didn't know that, did you know that trump would not make the list of the top 3 richest presidents?
 Have you ever thought about the ways people travel to far-off lands? Sometimes, but I will admit that I won't likely be a modern day King Kalakaua of Hawaii who was the first king to travel around the world!
 hi how are you? do you like to travel? Hi. I am good. How are you?  I do like to travel.  I would love to travel to Iceland even though it has no public rail service.
 It's hard to say whether it's black and white, but I think each department has a responsibility to figure out what's best for their own officers. I would encourage police to shoot through their windshield if it meant saving lives and stopping criminals.
 Hi, do you like to travel? I used to.  Nowadays travel has gotten too cramped and unpleasant for me.  Do you like to travel?
 Hello, do you travel much? Hi yes whenever I can. Have you ever been to Japan?
 What do you think about this incident with officers shooting their guns though windshields? It seems like that could be dangerous but I guess they are being trained to shoot through their windshields if necessary.
 Hi, do you like cars? Hey! I'm not big fan, just average interest. How about you?
 Hello, how are you today? I'm doing well how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good, thanks. Have you heard anything about Col. Joseph E. Hall, Pakistan won't let him leave because he was in a car accident that killed one of their citizens.
 Hi there, do you travel much? Hello, yes as much as I can and when I can, how about you?
 Hello, do you know much about the car? I know that developed economies depend on them and became widely available in the early 1900s
 It's football season and the fans are going wild! Much different than in the 1960s when bowling was more popular than football! I did not know bowling was more popular than football!  How is that so?
 Hey there.Are you a fan of the drama genre? I am. House was a really good show
 Hey how are you, are you a big Redskins fan by chance? I wouldn't say a big fan, but I do know of them
 Good morning! What do you think about the Redskins? I've been reading about their training camp beginning with coach Gruden. It seems to me like they are looking forward to a big year, but face some challenges.
 Do you watch TV? I do. I enjoy winding down by watching a tv show at night. Do you enjoy watching tv?
 Hey how are you, ever watch Broad City on Comedy Central? Oh yeah! I love Broad City! I think Abbi Jacobson is my favorite. Did you know that she is the co-star, and also the co-creator?
 I used to love watching reruns of The Cosby Show. It makes me sick to watch now, knowing how men have treated women in Hollywood. From Judy Garland to Charles Manson, Cosby's behavior isn't new. No it isn't. I have to admit that I was surprised by Cosby though. I thought he was like the character on his show.
 Hello,  how are you doing today? I'm doing alright, was watching SNL rerun, did you know weekend update is the longest running sketch?
 Hi, do you like television? Hello there, I sure do, how about you?
 Hi.  Do you still subscribe to TV (cable or satellite) or have you cut the cord? i have cut it. i do not like to watch the tv. it is a distraction and a time waster. do you still subscribe?
 Hello,  do you like dogs?  Hey there, yes I actually do. Did you know they have 12 types of blood?
 Hello.  Do you like dogs?  I think it's interesting that they came from wolves. I love critters of all kinds especially dogs.  I also think it's interesting that they have 12 different blood types.
 Hello - how's it going today? Hi Im good How about you?
 Hey hello
 Hi! I feel bad for the Madden tournament organizers like Robin Harn after the Jacksonville shooting. I can't imagine how bad they felt! Hi, security measures sure cost a lot but are necessary to protect the lives of the attendees.
 I am a big fan of Nintendo and have been since the original NES. How about you? I love Nintendo to. It was my very first gaming system when I was little.
 Did you play any Esports by the way? Did you hear about the shooting that occurred while people were playing Madden at the Cobo Center In Jacksonville? That was awful
 Hi there.  Do you follow esports much?  Hi, I'm not too familiar with what e-sports are, what is that?
 Hi there! How are you today? I'm good, just hanging out watching a little TV I am good.  I am sure then you have seen some news about Donald Trump.
 Greetings! Hi how are you doing. Do you like celebrities? I envy how much wealth they have.
 Did you know it used to be the runner up in the election would become vice-president?  Trump/Hillary woo hoo hi how are you? I think that would be entertaining as a reality show. maybe they would get more done in govt? LOL
 Hello,  did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? Is it really? Wow! I didn't even know the president had a guest house. Ha! I do know Woodrow Wilson was the only president we've ever had with a PhD!
 Are you into Football? I heard a highschool kid who is only 5'7 has a crazy rushing game. I am not into football, really. Speaking of people with crazy games, Benjarvus Green-Ellis has never fumbled the football in his NFL career.
 Hello there, are you a big american football fan? Hey there I watch football from time to time. I can't say I'm a huge fan though, what about yourself?
 Hi How are you today? Doing well, I was just reading some football facts, did you know there are many different sports that are called football with various rules?
 Do you follow professional basketball? I do follow it, basketball is among my favorite sports, my favorite team is the Wizard, what about you_
 Hi. Do you use facebook?  Did you know it was launched in 2004? No i did not!  Who launched it?
 Hi there. Do you like basketball? I do like it!  I can't believe the league was founded so long ago back in 1946.
 Good morning Good morning! What do you think Dakwandre Marshall, high school running back for Falls Church?
 What are your opinions about NBA players making a load of money to just shoot a ball? Like Allen Iverson makes $32,000,000! Insane! Yeah I agree with you I think it's pretty ridiculous. The best paid athletes in by average annual salary per player-must be nice!
 Hey there how much do you like football? You ever watch High School football Not since I was in the band in high school, or my brother played a few years after that.  I do watch some college ball though
 hi how are you? are you a football person? I am a pretty big fan despite there only being a little more than 10 minutes of actual gameplay.  What about you?
 Are you a big fan of shopping online like on eBay or Amazon? Yes. I shop regularly on Amazon because of their return policy and quick shipping. Crazy to see how much Amazon has grown.
 Hi! Do you follow football, are you aware of the Kaepernick kneeling controversy? What do you think about it? I think players have the right to protest as well, sometimes actions are taken totally out of proportion, what are your thoughts?
 Hi there. Are you an NFL fan? I always respect the coaches highly. I am a fan. It blows my mind that the average game only has 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 Hi! Are you a football fan? I like the NFL because it's the highest professional level of American Football in the world! Ha ha. Yes, it is the highest. It probably always will be too.
 Hello, dis you know that JFK, Jefferson, and Washington are the three richest Presidents in American history? I just read that as well! I'm surprised no one has surpassed Washington and Jefferson more recently. Did you know the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana? not sure if thats just a nickname or his real name haha
 Hi. Do you like football? I like the traditional gridiron game although there are several variations. I love football, RaiderNation here, you?
 Hello, do you play American football at all? No, but I used to as a kid. What about you? Haven't heard much about football in the news lately except about how Justin Bieber partied with Beckham and other Giants players in Miami?
 Do you know many facts about the presidents? I know a bit, there is a president that released 3 pop albums while in office so thats a cool fact.
 Hi, how are you? I am doing well! How are you?
 Hello did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? Hi,I had no idea. That must be a very large guest house.
 Hello. Do you like watching basketball? One of my favorite players was Reggie Miller, even though his sister may have been better than him. Hey, yeah I am a huge fan too. Yeha in highschool Reggies sister out played him and even created more records, broke more records.
 Hey how are you, you a big NBA fan? I'm good and yes I'm a big fan.
 Do you enjoy watching basketball?  I used to, now I rarely watch. I still like to play though ;)
 hey there, are you a fan of NBA Yes I am, what about you? do you follow the NBA?
 Hi, do you watch the NBA> Not much, but I used to play basketball a lot.
 do you watch the NBA? I sure do. DO you know who Reggie Miller is?
 Good morning.  Are you a basketball fan? No.  But I watch games with my daughter who loves basketball.
 Good morning are you a basketball fan? Good morning. Not really though I do watch the sport when I have the time. Maybe I would make it a priority to watch more if players shot in the granny style. That would be funny! That's the best techniue to consistently score points on the line.
 do you like basketball? I love the sport. Do you like the movie SPace Jam?
 Hi!  Do you follow basketball? Hey, I don't follow it that much. Do you?
 hello Hi! Do you like to watch TV.
 Joel Embiid is skilled, do you think he can become the best NBA player? Hello there, yeah Embiid is one of the best in the league.  I think in another year or two he will be a top 5 player. 
 Hi do you like basketball? I do! I love March Madness. Are you excited for it?
 hi do you watch the NBA? Yes I do. Do you know who Reggie Miller is?
 Do you watch the NBA? Sometimes, I do but rarely. How about you?
 Are you a basketball fan? yes I am, I like that the granny shot is technically the best shot in the game haha
 Telephone is a device which is connect the two persons to conduct a conversation when they are far. Lets talk about telephones, the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone is 212
 Hey there how often do you use Facebook? I remember when I made my account back in 2004 I still check it everyday but it's getting less and less fun due to the toxic posts constantly. 
 Did you know that Myspace turned down the opportunity to buy Facebook? I heard that, what a lost opportunity.  I bet they regret that now.
 Hey do you watch soccer? Do you think that Canada will beat the Netherlands in the upcoming game? Hello there, I sure do I really like it.  I think they will, the Dutch have been playing better as of late, Wijnaldum has been playing really good. 
 Hi, do you use your phone much? Hi, I use phone every single minute. Because it's my third hand.
 Do you use Facebook? Hello.  I used to, but I haven't used it in years.  What about you?
 Are you familiar with football? I'm a fan of the sport, do you follow it on Facebook? 
 Hi!  Have you ever been to NYC?  It's pretty fast paced.  In fact, they even made the area code 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on rotary phone. No I have never been.  Yes I heard about that,  I totally understand though,  those rotary phones were annoying lol 
 How's it going, do you use Facebook? It was launched back in 2004 by Zuckerberg and former classmates Yes, I do use facebook.
 The telephone is a great invention,  Absolutely!  Love the telephone!
 Hey there!  Have you read "Fire and Fury" yet?  A lot of excerpts of it are coming out and supportive of impeaching Trump. I have not.  However, a lot of money is being made by many on Trump tell alls.  The assertion that he does not read is interesting.
 Hello, do you like dance? Yes, I do. Do you?
 Are you a fan of dancing? Sure, how about you?
 Do you like dance? Yeah I like dance. Did you know emilia clarke did the funky chicken dance and robot dance for the audition for GOT. 
 hi, do you like dance? I'm certainly not good at it but I appreciate people who are. 
 Are you a football fan? There are variations including gaelic, australian, gridiron, and soccer. hi how are you? I sometimes follow football. i usually watch the super bowl.
 Hi, how are you tonight? Do you like footbal, either American or the other kind? I actually like American football yes. I don't like soccer though haha. What about you?
 Good morning!  Do you watch american football? Yes I do, Im a fan of the sport, are you?
 Hi there! Are you a fan of football? Either soccer or American football, or even Rugby, since it varies what football refers to, depending on what country. Hi there, yes I watch soccer and the NFL, tow of the highest paid sports I guess, with soccer leading the way
 Hey how's it going?  I was thinking about the government the other day... especially the Presidency and the Senate and stuff.  Not to get into politics, but I find some of the facts about them kind of fascinating.  How about yourself? Yes, interesting for sure.  Good to know about our leaders and heads of states.
 did you know that 212 is the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone? that's why it's the New York area code I didn't know that. Telephones are a miraculous device that permits conversation among various people despite vast distances
 Did you read that Micheal Jordan would not endorse a democrat because republicans also buy shoes? That makes no sense! see the three wealthiest presidents were jfk, washington and jefferson?
 Hi, how are you? Hey I'm good. What do you think about Tom Brady?
 hi, do you watch football? Yea I watch the nfl everytime it's on. I get a lot of Patriots games near my house, seems like Tom Brady isn't enjoying football as much
 Hi, how are you? good, you? do you watch football?
 Good morning, do you like the NBA? good morning! I like it a little bit, not my favorite sport but I dont hate it. How about you?
 Hey, how's it going over there? You good? Very.  Do you think championships in pro sports are paid fairly?
 hi do you watch the NBA? Yes a lot. Do you know the player TIm DUncan?
 Hello,  do you like dogs? Love dogs, Canis lupus.
 Hi.  Do you know that Mcdonalds was the first fast food company that created drive-thru? I didn't know that, but they'd probably have been my first guess. What made them come up with the idea?
 Dogs or cats? yes and no. you?
 Hi there!  Do you like dogs at all? Hello,  yes I love dogs!  How about yourself?
 Hi, how are you? Fine. Did you hear about the CDC researcher that left work ill and then disappeared?  Scary...
 Hello.  Do you have a car?  I found out recently that a guy named Benz invented them.   Yes, i do.  That is interesting.  I wonder if Benz became rich by his invention.
 Do you watch television much? I love to watch TV! any favorite shows?
 Hello! Do you like to listen to the radio? Yea radio is pretty cool, you can pick radio storms from Jupiter on AM radio
 Hey how you doing? Have you ever seen the White House? I have never been to Washington DC myself. I haven't been there either but would love to go someday!  The term "White House" is often used as a metonym for the president and his advisers.
 hey! Do you watch TV or listen radio? I actually do both. In fact, I watched Michelle Wolf's performance at the White House Correspondents' Association dinner that offended many.  What about you?
 Hi!  Do you watch TV? I watch a lot of TV.  Color TV.  Dialing for dollars is searching for me.  I wait for delivery each day until 3.
 Do you enjoy watching tv?  I saw that there are over 750 episodes of pokemon and thats about 50 a year for 16 years haha no I didn't knwo they had that many!have you ever watched the show The handmaid's Tale btw?
 Hello. Do you like TV? I don't watch it as much anymore because I'm tired of watching commercials. Too much mass advertisement. I agree with you on that one! I did watch the Simpsons and South Park back then.
 What do you think about students in the US studying the Bible in school prior to 1963? It's interesting, but not all too surprising. I'm curious as to what caused the shift in 1963 that stopped the mandatory studying of the bible.
 Did you hear that someone decided to brand a wine after the women on Handmaid's Tale? I didnt hear about that , although the article seems interesting, I thought the Handmaids Tale was a good tv show.
 How's it going, did you know there are over 5 billion copies of the bible? Hello, That's a lot of copies!
 Do you like watching television ? I watch a little bit of television, what about you? 
 Hi are you interested in television shows? Hi! I am, actually! How about you? I love The Simpson's and there's actually an episode where Bart never makes an appearance nor is even mentioned that I still want to see. I bet it's weird never seeing Bart at all!
 hi do you watch tv? I have since it was black and white in the 1960's.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well and you?  Have you heard that the richest presidents in our history are washington, jefferson, and jfk?
 Do you like to listen to the radio much? I like it, but these days I usually listen to Pandora. Yes I do like to listen to the radio,  not much at the moment though.  
 Hello, are you interested in politics at all? I am indeed! My favorite politician is Hillary Clinton.
 Hey there! Do you like reading much? I love to read!  Im mainly into non fiction!
 Hello!  Do you watch a lot of television? Hi. Sometimes although I watch more Netflix nowadays. I used to love the Shark Tank but most of the deals aren't even enacted!
 Hi!  Do you like to read? I do what I can! What about you?
 Kind of disturbing that Starship Troopers is assigned military academy reading. Ender's Game is at least a little less toxic. Hello! That's interesting, are those both assigned readings on the military lists? Wonder why they have them in the first place.
 Hey!  Do you watch TV? Not as much as I used to, I've lost control of the TV to the kids.
 I enjoy watching south park reruns.  Have you seen them? ya i like them a lot, especially when they roasted family guy, did you see that episode?
 Fires in the streets. Smashed windows. Flipped cars. Light poles toppled by alcohol-fueled crowds. Philadelphia awoke this morning  Its sad to see people destroy their hometown after such a momentous occasion
 did you know that Finland has a radio station the broadcasts news in classic Latin? like why? haha Are you interested in the radio?
 Hi do you use the internet much? Yes all the time. Do you know what a hamburger button is?
 good morning to you Good morning!  Do you listen to the radio any?
 Hi, how do you feel about the internet? I  think the internet is a great invention and I love it, what about you?
 Hello!  Do you like listening to the radio?  I listen to radio through websites that let you listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free. Hi, how are you? I don't listen to the radio much these days. I figure I can get stuff online. Don't know that I would listen to old radio shows though.
 Hello, do you follow politics very much. Did you know FDR vetoed 635 bills as President, Obama just 2 and Trump not a single bill yet. It sounds like the congress is slowing down and not submitting bills to be signed or vetoed.
 Hi do you know much about presidents? Hello I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest us ones have been?
 Have you read much about Barack Obama? I didn't realize that he's named after his father I haven't studied him closely, but I learned recently that his Secret Service Codename was renegade.
 I wonder if a rotary phone would still work if I hooked it up in my home?  That would be fun to try.   Hello there, that would be fun to try again.  I remember using those when I was little. 
 Hello!  Are you a fan of Netflix? Yes, I am! I can not believe it was founded in 1997. Doesn't seem that long ago!
 Hello, do you agree with the Kavanaugh nomination? I think it's interesting how he's connected in the #MeToo movement. It's interesting how big it's become in a culture that also emphasizes romance on TV and in movies
 Do you own a car? Hello, yes I have a Ford Fusion. What about you?
 Have you heard much about conspiracy theories in the White House? I know there was just one over a sex scandal. Well I have heard of some of them. Really?
 Hi there! How are you tonight? I'm good. I am hanging out watching TV tonight.  Hello,  I am great,  how are you?  thats good,  watching anything good?
 Its ironic how that 13 year old girl got killed Are you talking about Sandra Parks?  She's the girl that wrote about gun violence and then got shot.
 Hello,  did you know mcdonalds added a drive thu in 1975? I thought it was before 1975. I figured that people had cars and there was a problem with parking. 
 Hello my friend! Do you watch TV? Sure, when I get the chance. How about you? I really like the Simpsons.
 Hey did you hear that new song on the radio today? What is it called?  Did you know that there is a website that you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio drama free?
 Radios are very interesting, Do you listen to the radio much anymore? not really everything's digital now. you?
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Great! Hope you're doing well! Did you hear about Jonathan Bennet ambushing police in Charlotte? That was an intense situation!
 Hi there do you know that Jupiter has radio storms Radios falling from the sky? Sounds terrifying! LOL. I know what you mean. I did not know that.
 did you know that at most about 63 percent of people end up voting in a USA presidential election? The US has a terrible turnout for elections. One of these days there might be some ugly consequences when people don't vote.
 hi, do you vote regularly? Hi, yes I do tend to vote pretty regularly, did you vote in the previous election?
 Are you comfortable talking about politics? Yes, a discussion on politics is fine with me.
 hey did you know that Donald Trump wouldn't make the list of the top 3 most wealthy presidents? Oh, no way! That's a wild fact and I did not know that. I follow the politics in America and like to be aware of current events. The migrants have been in the news a lot lately. 
 What do you think about the tweet the Russian Embassy posted? It is kind of fun.  Emoji of a space ship and some photo.  Not serious at all.  Twitter is not meant to be serious.
 Hello My friend! Did you know that the Presidents house guest is bigger than the white house?! I can only imagine what the Presidents house must look like based on that fact! Geez. My house if probably the size of their bathroom. Yeah, that must be big. And the White House is mostly office space -- I wonder how big the actual living quarters are.
 Hello! Do you like to watch tv? Yes.  You?  I used to watch the Simpson and how that mentions or shows the character Bart in all but one episode.
 Did you know an iphone has more computing power than the entire nuclear icbm deterrent No i didn't know that! You would think will all that computing power Iphones would suck a lot less.
 Hey there did you follow the most recent election? What do you think about choosing a president through just a lottery system? I think it is a terrible idea, but i'm not too political to be honest. 
 Hello, how are you? Do you like the president? Hey how are you? So we're going to get political eh? I don't like the current President. Not that I would have liked Hillary Clinton either. How about yourself?
 Do you own a telephone?  A cell phone but not a landline - how about you
 Hey did you know Trump isn't the wealthiest president ever? I did not. Who was the welathiest then?
 I enjoy watching south park reruns on tv.  Have you seen any? Yeah, I love watching south park.
 Do you know Tom Brady was once a backup quarterback on his high school football team? I did; Eli Manning is a QB that need to go back to the bench
 Do you like football? I actually enjoy the food and tailgating, not the game itself lol 
 Its good to see Peterson doing so well again for the Redskins Yes third straigh victory
 Hi, do  you watch football Yes, football is my favorite sport. My favorite team is the new York giants, do you like football?
 Hi!  Do you follow football? I sometimes follow football. It is an interesting game. You?
 Are you a fan of football? hi how are you? yes, i like football. i dont get much chance to watch it these days,
 Hello. There are many football teams and many more football players. Do you like football? I love football, how about you?
 Hello, are you a fan of American football? I do not know very much but from the little I do, I enjoy it. I really like learning fun facts like Eli Manning has a genius level IQ.
 Hi are you a fan of Eli Manning? I can't say that I am. His career is fascinating, although I don't know much about football. Looks like Manning's career has been up and down.
 How's it going, Do you watch football much? Alex Smith of the Redskins is good at avoiding turnovers I don't follow football much. Who is Alex Smith?
 hi, do you watch football? I do, my team is in the AFC, what about yours?
 Do you watch football?  Hello - yes, I love football. What about you? 
 do you know much about politics? A fair amount. I'm a freelance writer and write mainly on political topics. How about you?
 Hello, do you watch the NFL? Hi, yes I do. Did you know what women can play too?
 Hello, Do you listen to the radio much? I listen to the radio when I commute.  Amazingly simple tech that uses a conductor and transforms into audio!
 Have you ever heard of Eli Manning? Yeah, quarterback for the NY Giants?
 HEY! Do you know who Adrian Peterson is? Of course...For several years, he was the best RB in NFL.
 hi, do you know much about politics? No, not really, I know about the president and vice President. I have heard about affordable care act.
 Hey what do you think about Eli Manning? Do you think he's going to have a great season this year I don't have big expectations for him.  It might be in his best interest to preserve his genius-level IQ and call it quits sooner rather than later.
 Do you watch much football? Yes I watch football every week and weekend its on TV.
 Are you a fan of football? i sometimes watch football. i try to watch the superbowl. you?
 Are you comfortable talking about the government? I don't generally like to talk politics because most people have different beliefs but I can.
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio much? Every morning!  I enjoy the witty banter between co-hosts on the morning show. Not as creative as the witty banter the old radio ventriloquist used to do with himself back in the 1930s, but close!
 hi, do you listen to the radio? hey, yes I do, have you ever heard the station that turns solar energy into sound?
 Hello, how are you today? Hello! I'm great! How are you?
 Hey there, are you a fan of the radio I usually don't listen to the radio much these days, but I've always been fascinated by how it works and how there's websites that let you listen online
 Good morning.  What do you think of sharks? they are really strange creatures
 Do you think that the student's death at University of Oregon was due to poor life choices? I think college students brains haven't fully developed and so there is more potential for poor life choices like excessive drinking
 hi, do you know much about presidents? Not that much, but I do have my opinion when the president speaks and what's going on.
 What are your thoughts on drama?  I like drama it is very interesting to watch. I like all kinds like plays, operas, mimes, ballet, or radio and television of course. You?
 Do you enjoy listening to the radio? I really do. What about you?
 Do you follow the NFL? I sometimes follow the NFL. i try to watch the superbowl. You?
 Hello! Do you like to watch football? I do like to watch football. Do you?
 Hey how are you doing, you a big Aaron Rodgers fan? I'm not as I'm not a big sports fan. It's cool that he lead his team to victory even though he was injured.
 Hey, do you think Tom Brady is the GOAT? I think he has the making of a GOAT. He is pretty goaty. 
 Do you like football? I love it!  Love the NFL!
 Do you watch football? Not as a regular thing.  I have watched some Green Bay Packer games.
 hello Hi, how are you?
 Do you like the NFL? I sure do. Did you know that women can play?
 Do you watch football? Hello there, I do watch but my team missed the playoffs this year so that sucked, how about you?
 I remember in High School the Green Bay Packers were popular...but not so much now...and I'm in California. Yeah, a few years ago, it is kind of sad, since it is one of the team with the longest history, like NY Yankees or the Detroit Red Wings.  
 do you watch football No, not normally, but I did get into Fantasy Football. I didn't know that the Green Bay Packers was the third oldest, did you?
 Have you heard of Aaron Rodger, Green Bay Packers quarterback? I've heard the name. Is he a good QB? What's going on with him?
 Hello. Do you watch football? No I don't.  But I like seahawks!  lol  Guess they're really sea gulls  lol
 Hello, do you watch the NFL at all? I do, do you?
 Hi, how are you tonight? Do you like football? I liked it  a lot when I was younger and always went to my high school games. But now tickets are so expensive!
 Are you a NFL fan? NFL? The National Football League, you mean? I sometimes watch. You?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you.  How are you today?  Are you an NFL fan?
 Hey there do you ever watch the NFL? It stands for the National Football League Hi there, yes I do from time to time and I try to catch as many games as I can. And you?
 do you like the NFL? I do. Do you like Brayd?
 Are you fan of Gruden and the Raiders? Don't know much about them. The Raiders are a football team?
 Hi, are you a football fan? I am.  I follow the Browns, but I also have a fantasy team.  I love our new team leader, Quarterback Baker Mayfield.
 How's it going, do you follow football? Aaron Rodgers recently signed a contract making him the highest paid player wow, he doesn't dress the part. was him in jeans and a stache.
 Quarterbacks are leaders of the offensive teams.  What do you call leaders of the defensive teams? I'm not familiar with football. I'm not too sure but it is usually a defensive line with several faster defensive players behind them
 Hi.  Are you familiar with the NFL? Yes, my favorite team is the GreenBay Packer, they have so much history, and you do you follow the NFL ?
 hello Hello,  do you like football?
 Hi there hope you're doing well. Are you a fan of football? Brett Favre was one of my favorite quarterbacks he play for the Green Bay Packers. Oh hey, yeah. I am a Packer fan! My fav is Rogers! I really wanna see a live game someday.
 Hello! Do you like to watch football? hi, how are you? i do not get much chance to watch. you?
 hi do you like the NFL? Hi yes I do. Did you know women can play too?
 Are you a fan of Trump?  Not at all.You? 
 do you read books ? It is like training for the brain.  Sometimes but I find it to be cognitively complex
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! What do you think of government?
 Hello how are you doing tonight Good, thanks, how are you?
 Are you a fan of dramas?  sure am! Im also up for a good drama film. what about you?
 hey there what do you think of the president? I think that it is a very hard job, no matter what country you are in.  President is actually an interesting concept since it means so many different things to different places.
 What do you think about our president?  I think its really cool that the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house!
 Have you heard about the summit French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting? I have yeah, what are your thoughts on it?
 The president is a head of state and nation. He was the leader of the republic state. Talking about presidents...I like the fact that the president of Indonesia release 3 pop albums. Music must be official!
 Hi there, dd you know the president of Indonesia is a pop star? No I did not know that but I did know that Lincoln was the first president to be photographed for his inauguration.. my grandpa would of been Lincolns 8th cousin
 Hey there what do you think about the president? Shocking that Trump is not one of the top three most wealthy. He probably thinks he's the richest. He probably thinks he's the top everything.
 It sounds like the driver might have rear-ended the other car because she was putting the necklace on, but I'm glad she was saved from the accident. It's heartwarming that such a young person would take action
 Hi, how are you? Very good! Do you like football?
 Do you follow football? As much as i can, I hear snoop dogg wrote a song for his sons high school football team.
 Hello, hope you are having a great afternoon. How many cars do you have in your family? We have 1 that is old but not as old as the first car which came about in 1886! Hi, we have too. I love cars. I think 1886 is a great year!!
 Did you hear about the high school athletes who saved a woman? Yeah I did hear about that, it's amazing that Hunter Burch was able to save her
 Hi, how are you? Im great,, what about you? are you a fan of football?
 Hi I learned a lot about telephones recently. Did you know that 212 is the area code for NY? Do you know why?
 Do you watch football? I sure do. U of Iowa painted the visitor locker room pink
 What did you think about the game between the capitals and the Redskins? I thought those were two sports. Caps = Hockey, right?
 Did you know New york's area code is 212 because it was the fastest number to dial on a rotary phone Yes! I heard that. But is it really the fastest? Wouldn't 111 be faster? Or, since an area code can't start with 1,211?
 Hello there, do you follow the NFL much? I enjoy watching it when it's a major game or a game with my favorite team. How about you?
 Hi there! Not sure about you, but I'm a big football fan. The NFL is made up of 32 teams. Yes I am an NFL fan, who is your favorite team?
 Do you like football? Not too much, I do not know the team names and such but watch it for fun sometimes with friends. How about you?
 What do you enjoy for entertainment? I do love a good movie, just actually saw Spider-Man Into the Verse, this Christmas with my brother.
 Good morning! Would you call youself a fan of football? Hi, are we talking NFL style football or association football? It's hard to know which one people are referring to.
 Have you heard about the brouhaha in Panama City? No I hadn't. It sounds quite crazy though.
 Hi. Do you follow the news lately? I try not to haha. But have you heard about some security guard going crazy at a Trump hotel?
 Greetings! Do you know much about basketball? Would you like to chat about it? Yeah I enjoy basketball from time to time. Steph Curry is an excellent player. He was the 2015 season MVP!
 Hello - how are you doing today? I'm doing well, and you? 
 Hello - how's it going today? Hello, it's going pretty good.  You?  I'm actually sitting here researching how to hear storms on Jupiter on my radio.
 Hi, how are you? I'm good! Are you a fan of any of the 32 teams in the NFL?
 hey my friend do you like watching the NFL? Of course I do, what about you? do you have a favorite team?
 Hi!  Do you watch football? I'm a big fan!  Out of the 32 teams in the league do you have a favorite one?
 well this must be an old article because it says the bills are in the playoffs LOL LOL... yeah i thought the same thing... and the Browns were winless!
 Hello, do you like football? Hi there, yes I do actually. Did you know women can play?
 Hey there do you like dramatic movies? I know that I have some that I like like Shawshank Redemption for instance Hi. Yes I like Shawshank. One of my favorite films. King has a great feeling for story. It translates well to the screen.
 do you like dramas? I do. Did you ever watch House MD?
 Do you like Drama films? Hello,  yes,  I do like drama films.  How about yourself?
 I like stories about people like Derrius Guice who give a parent a car when he gets a big pro salary Me too. And it sounded like he wanted to buy her a house next !
 hi How's it going, do you like football? Redskins rookie Derrius Guice bought his mom a car recently
 hi. Hi. Do you follow NFL football?
 Hey there do you like watching the NFL? NFL stands for National Football League Yes, I like watching the NFL. Which of the 32 teams do you like best?
 Good Morning! How are you today? Hello there, I am well thank you.  How about you?
 What hobbies do you enjoy? I love working on my car. Did you know cars have only been widely available since the early 20th century? 
 Hello, how are you? Do you like football? I am well!  I watch a little here and there, you?
 Hey, Virginia Tech had a disappointing game. It's a real bummer! VT has a nice team. They are having a really nice season.
 Do watch football very often? I watch pro football. Are you familiar with Kellan Moore?
 Do you watch football?  The highest scoring game ever was back in 1916. I do wasn't the score like 220-0?
 It is amazing that a football team never scored once in a season and never played their back-up QB, Tom Brady. Wow, that seems like it was some bad judgment on the coach's part. What team was that?
 Hi there! So have you heard about the play Cry it Out? Not sure if you know but that is a parenting technique popular with some. I havnt heard of it what is it about.
 Hi! What do you know about Wrestling? Yea, wrestling is a pretty cool sport with all the clinches, throws, and takedowns
 Do you like wrestling?  I dont really know wrestling. Do you like it?
 Do you like cars? hi how are you? i do like cars. i dont have one right now. You?
 Hey have you ever seen the movie"Cry It Out"? Apparently it's supposed to be good No, I didn't see it but I want to see it. I heard it was about a playwright named Molly Smith Metzler and when she was seven months pregnant, she moved to Long Island with her husband in the summer of 2012.
 Are you a fan of football?  Not really, I have a passing knowledge but I certainly don't watch football.
 A sports fan? no not really I don't like sports, I do watch football sometimes though, and I saw the superbowl, what aboutyou?
 Are you a fan of football by any chance? Yea, I heard Freedom-Woodbridge has been doing good and went 11-1 recently
 Do you watch the NFL?  Hello, I do sometimes, and yourself?
 Do you enjoy comedy? I like comedy films and stand up comedy.  I enjoy it, though I haven't seen too much of it. Do you have any favorites you'd recommend?
 Hi, how are you? Good, how about you? Do you like football?
 Do you like comedy?  Demetri Martin liked it so much that he left Harvard Law to pursue a career in it. Hi, yes I like comedy a lot both stand up comediennes and the typical 30 minute TV comedy. I used to pass the time alot with them when I was in college. How about you? What kind of comedy do you like?
 Are you a football fan? I am a football fan, yeah, what about you?
 hey do you like the NFL? I never knew it was made up of 32 teams yeah I enjoy watching the games. how about you?
 hey there, do you watch nfl? I do! I am a big eagles fan, what about you?
 Hi good morning! Good morning. 
 Are you a fan of the NFL? I am. Are you?
 Hi! Are you a dog lover by chance? I think it's neat knowing that dogs were the first species to be domesticated! I love dogs. Did you know that dogs have 12 different blood types?
 hi how are you? do you like dogs? Hello, I'm great thanks. I love dogs. What about you?
 Hi there.  Do you like dogs? i love dogs! i never owned one unfortunately. You?
 I love dogs. They really get to know you. Me too and so does Google, they have proclaimed they are a dog company!!
 Are you a fan of Trump? I am not really a Trump fan, do you like him?
 I am a big Golf fan.  I like the fact that each course is different and varied I like gold as well. How often do you play?
 Hello, my friend! How are you this fine evening that the Internet has given us? Hey there I'm doing great! What do you think about the president? And also do you know who the top three richest presidents were?
 Do you like to play golf? Well, mini golf is fun. How about you?
 hey there who are the top 3 richest presidents do you think I have read that the top three were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.
 Do you like to play golf?  I have played golf but I don't really like it haha. What about you?
 Hello,  how are you?  Do you like golf?  The average american golf course consumes around 312,000 gallons of water per day. Hi! I am not much into golf but know the sport. The USA has more golf courses than the rest of the world combined!
 Hi, have you heard about Central High School? I have heard a bit about it.
 Are you a football fan? Yes I am how about you
 Are you a fan of the music of Drake? Not really haven't heard any of his music. Isn't he with Riahna?
 do you watch the NFL? Yes Did you know women can play too?
 What do you think about the new plan of the Trump administration? do you think it could work. I don't think it's going to work at all. For one thing, he's only implementing it on TV. What about the other mediums?
 are you big into watching television/ I love watching television, it's my favorite
 Good evening!  Just jumping on the internet to see what is going on.  I hope I am not addicted to it! Haha :)  Good evening! I have accepted my addiction.
 Hello, do you have a favorite US president? I have always been fond of old Honest Abe, the first President to be photographed on his inauguration day. Eerily, his future  assassin was in the picture too...
 Television is a mass medium for advertising, entertainment and current political news. Indeed, but what do you think  about television personally ?
 hey my freind do you ever watch television? Yes I do.I love some Simpsons. Did you know there is one episode of the simpsons where bart never appears or is mentioned.
 What should Trump do about Iran's love of nuclear weapons? Personally I think The Obama Administration failed to act appropriately and by dragging their feet The USA's foreign relations are a hot mess now because of the lack of action for 8 years.  Everything he can to stop it.  I agree, Obama didn't seem sufficiently worried about the Iranian government aquiring nukes.  I am glad to see that Iran is revolting against their gov't. 
 hello Hi. Did you know 86% of Nevada is owned by the US government
 Do you watch a lot of television? I watch far too much. I usually use netflix to catch things because I got rid of cable, but I too watch far too much of that.  I love SNL.  Especially the Weekend update
 Hello, are you particularly interested in the government? There's aspects of it that I find interesting, especially seeing the way various governments work together
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio much these days? Hi, how are you? I used to listen to the radio as a kid, but I don't listen much now. How about you?
 do you know anything about the congress? I know that the congressman take separate subway lines to get from the house to the senate offices
 hello,  did you know the presidents guest house is bigger than the white house? I did not know that.  He must really be a good host then
 How often do you listen to the radio?  Everyday. On the way to work, on the way home, and sometimes on my headphones. 
 Hi, did you know that the top 3 wealthiest presidents are JFK, Jefferson and Washington? I read about it.  Is Trump richer than they were though?
 What are your thoughts on our president? Oh geez, he is just too full of himself, I do like some things he has done though.  How about you?
 Hi are you a fan of facebook? Hi, i use it but I don't think I am much of a fan.  Are you a fan?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Hi! Me too!
 Hi!  Do you use facebook? Yes I do but not very often. How about you? I feel like I spend more time on it still. So hopefully BK brings back the promo where if I unfriend ten people I get a free Whopper.
 Hello,  do you like facebook?  Did you know that  Myspace turned down an offer to buy fb in 2005?  Huge mistake lol  I do like facebook. What other trivia do you know about them
 Hello! Are you a football fan?  I am! Are you?
 Hello are you a football fan? I'm a big football fan!
 Hey there how often do you watch television?  Hello, nearly every day. I'm currently watching That 70's show. Ever see it?
 Are you familiar with escape rooms?  I can't say I was until about six months back, now they seem everywhere. I've heard of them.  That's where people are stuck in a room have to figure out how to get out right?
 did you call 911 in your life? Yes, I have had to call 911 before, sad to say.
 do you watch much tv? quite a bit actually. do you ever watch the Simpsons?
 Do you know about the different types of football? I don't know much about football. How about you?
 Hi what's up? Are you a football fan? Did you know ESPN won an emmy for the creation of the yellow first down line? Not too much, but happy the Eagles won today!  Did you know that Snoop dog wrote a fight song for his son's high school football team
 Do you watch football?  Sometimes,  Im not a huge fan though.  How about yourself?
 What do you think about Football? Hello - I love football. What about you?
 What up? Are you a big football fan? I watch college football a lot, my favorite team Iowa has painted the vistor's locker room pink I am not a big football fan. That is interesting. 14 of the 25 biggest stadiums do belong to american college football teams
 Hi there, are you a football watcher? Hi, yes i enjoy watching football.
 Hello, do you like football? I do its one of my favorite sports, what about you? do you like it?
 Hey there. You a football fan? I like high school football. I think it's more interesting, especially the team that continued playing as a building burned down behind them
 Hi, what's your favorite football team? The mighty Oakland Raiders and you?
 Hi. How's football season going for you? hello, good what about you?
 Are you a Notre Dame fan?  They are 4-0 but not everyone is convinced of their talents. I actually am not a Notre Dame fan, but judging from that winning record, I think I am convinced. Do you think its because of luck or skill?
 I am a pro football fan. How about yourself? I dont know.  I find it hard to say, this is my team, there are many like it, but this one is mine.
 HI, how are you? Are you hankering for a chat? Do you like sports? I like the idea of sports. I really don't think they should be as highly valued in society and I think pro sports players get away with way too much. I was young and dumb isn't really a reason or excuse. I think that they need to be held accountable and properly reflect on their actions and words.
 hi.  are you a football fan? Hello, I watch college ball, my husband loves professional.  I just watched the OU Alabama game last weekend.
 Hey partner. Do you like football? There are many variations including rugby, Aussie rules, and Gaelic! Hello, I love football. Do you like American football?
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, are you a baseball fan? Do you know what happens if  the opposite team catches a baseball in their hat?
 How are you today? You follow football much? I do follow the NFL, Are you a football fan?
 hi how are you? are you a football person? Yea, it's pretty fascinating that football can be Rugby, gridiron, and Gaelic depending on the location
 Do you follow football at all?  I am getting back into following it recently.   Yeah I do like the sport, what about you?
 There was a game in Maryland that did not seem good. Thats cool,  so you like football? Did you know in the 60s bowlers made more money than football players !
 Hey there how often do you watch football? I do, I love football. Do you? How about OBJ to the Browns?
 Hello there. Do you follow the NFL at all? I never like Richard Sherman and was kind of mad he talked bad about Russell Wilson. I do follow the NFL!  Big fan!  Sherman talks smack but he's a good player.
 Hi, how are you? I am great this evening! How are you doing?
 How familiar are you with football? I am not a fan, but my family loves the 49ers.
 I just read an article about football, and in part the Seahawks.. Are you a football fan ??  Yes I heard Russel Wilson has some haters, specifically of the name Richard Sherman
 How's it going, do you follow football? It is a family of team sports involving kicking a ball to score points Hey! Doing good! I love football, especially the Carolina Panthers, that's my team. I think its interesting the University of Iowa painted their visitors locker room pink.
 Good morning, are you an NFL fan? A Little! How bout you?
 Hi!  Do you watch NFL football? I do, its my favorite sport, do you like it or watch it?
 Hello,  do you like football? I do like football. Do you like it?
 Hi and good evening. You like football? The quarterback is my favorite position because they touch the ball on every offensive play! I love watching both college and the NFL. Do you have a favorite quarterback?
 hey my friend do you like football at all? Yes, I'm a pretty big football fan. What about you?
 Do you like college football? I watch it sometimes, I heard Maryland lost recently to no. 10 Ohio
 Hi, how are you? I'm great, just a little sorry that Sunday Night Football is over for the year!
 hi, how are you? do you like football? Hello,  yes I like a football a little.  I dont really watch a lot of games though. 
 Do you have a favorite football team? Don't watch much anymore but it use to be Green Bay. How about you? 
 Are you a fan of college footbal\l No, but I'm clearly in the minority. 14 of the 25 largest stadiums in the world are for college football!
 Do you like sports? Good morning!  Yes, I am a sports fan, Baseball first but follow most of the majors and minors.  You?
 Do you watch college football at all? hi how are you? i dont usually watch the college game. i sometimes watch NFL. You?
 hi, do you watch football? hey, I do watch football, did you know Kellan moore is the only Left Handed quarterback in the NFL
 Do you like the MLB? I watch a bit, usually mostly during world series.
 Are you a fan of football? A little, more college than pro.  How about you?
 did you know that Jupiter's storms can be picked up on our AM radio, crazy! That is crazy! I would like to hear some Jupter after some Dixie Chicks!
 Did you know that the planet Jupiter has radio storms that we can pick up from Earth? You can hear them on AM radio I wonder if they play Jupiter music, LOL? Canada radio is forced to play 40% Canadian music.
 Hi there, do you follow politics much? I don't really follow politics a lot. I would say I try to pay attention to it here and there. Sometimes I'll hear about things in the Entertainment section, like when the Dixie chicks talked about going against the president, for example.
 Are you a big fan of listening to the radio in the car? I do, I like to listen to the radio what about you?
 Hi! Do you like to shop for clothing? I do! I wish I could buy some vintage Apple clother from the 80's, they had their own line!
 Do you use the phone much? All the time. Do you know why the NY area code is 212?
 ive learned some interesting facts i had no idea that nyc area 212 is because it was the quickest to dial have you learned anything new NYC is a great city! Trump is from NYC. Leaders of most republics are referred to as presidents.
 Hi, how are you? Good how are you? Do you know a lot about clothes?
 Not suprised that Bruce Lee was a great dancer. Just look at his footwork. Yeah, I agree! I love Bruce Lee and it is fascinating that he was a dancer. Did you know that Tupac was also a dancer? 
 hey did you know that Pilgrims actually wore colorful cloths? That's surprising! I always imagined them in the traditional black and white clothing they are usually depicted in.
 Do you use the radio or tv? Daily. I like to tune into the electromagnetic storms of Jupiter on my radio. Sounds a lot like country music, with a less songs about fishing.
 Have you heard about the caravan coming from Central America? I heard a bit on the news about some caravan but don't know too much
 Do you watch soccer? I usually only watch it during the world cup, but am too young to have seen the U.S. get 3rd place in the 1st world cup in 1930. No I personally do not watch too much, but I know plenty of people that get excited for FIFA
 Hello, do you watch the FIFA World Cup? I did not but I know a little about it. 
 Do you like watching football? I do, I also like the variations of the sport, Rugby, Gaelic football.
 Good morning! Are you a soccer fan? The world cup seems to be getting more popular here in the US. I would be someone that likes soccer, could say it's in my blood.
 Are you a football fan? I would love to see a female player soon in the NFL since there is no rule against it! I follow football, but I'm not fanatical. I am all in favor of female players. 
 Hi! Are you a patriots fan? hi how are you? not particularly. they keep winning the super bowl. i would like other teams to win once in a while.
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of the NFL? hello, yeah i watch football sometimes.  Do you? 
 Do you like football ? It's ok. I usually only watch the Super Bowl unless someone in my family has a game on when I'm around.
 Are you fan of the NFL?  I'm actually not, but I am surrounded by NFL fans, so I kind of enjoy it a bit.
 How's it going, do you like football? The Jaguars had a great defense last season I'm not very familiar with the Jaguars. I'm a Cowboys fan, myself.
 I'm from Cleveland, so I despise Bill Belichick, but not in the way that I despise the front office of the New Orleans Saints. They are so mean to their cheerleaders, as they have to get up and leave a restaurant if a Saint's player comes in. Wow I did not know that about them.  Are you an NFL fan in general?
 Are you an NFL fan? Hello there, I am, but my team didn't even make the playoffs this year so that sucked, how about you?
 Good morning. Hi, are you an Eagles fan?  Nick Foles completed 26 passes for 352 yards in the Eagles win Sunday.
 You like football ? Yes. very much
 Hello are you a football fan? Hey there I do like some football teams. For instance my favorite quarterback is Tom Brady what about you?
 do you like the NFL? I sure do. Did you know that women can play in it as well?
 Are you a big football fan? Yes, I love football. What about you?
 Do you know much about football? I feel like being an american I should know more than I do.  Hi, how are you? Football is a complicated game. Lots of rules, plays, strategy. One of the most important positions is quarterback.
 The New England Patriots and the Philadelphia Eagles have the best chance of winning the super bowl Yes they both have a 4 to 1 odds of winning. But we shall see who gets to the Super bowl.
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of the NFL? I am, what about you? Patrick Mahomes might be the best player ever?
 do you watch game of thrones? I guess George RR Martin is not a fan of the patriots I haven't watched yet.  Do you know why he isn't a fan or how you know that?
 Hello,  do you watch football? Did you know women can play football?  I had no idea!  That is amazing! Yes i did!  That's really cool, but in the same league they allow the New Orleans saints to make a rule that if a player enters a restaurant, and there is a cheerleader already there, that the cheerleader has to leave.  That's ridiculous!
 Hi.  Are you a fan of the Patriots American football team? I'm not a fan, but I don't hate them either. I saw their owner Kraft just got in trouble. 
 What do you think about the Jacksonville Jaguars? Apparently Blake Bortles ruined their game recently he totally has, sounds like he is on his way to the bench and them getting a new QB. Do you watch the NFL?
 Hello, how are you? Do you like football? I do like football. Do you like football?
 Are you a fan of football? I am a huge fan of the Pats and Tom Brady but I just found out he is not as high on the charts this year as he usually is. Yes I absolutely love football and I am also a fan of Tom Brady
 Do you follow football? No, not at all. Although it is very popular with a lot of people. Do you?
 I am a huge NFL fan, how about you?I was mad the Patriots won the superbowl this year. I love the NFL because it is the highest professional level of football in the world! Can't say I'm a huge fan.  I know my local teams but not much more, used to live in DC and now in the Cleveland area.  I'm fully aware of how much the Browns suck.
 Do you enjoy the NFL? I do enjoy it a lot! In fact, I love the Patriots. Crazy to think the Patriots are equal to the Bills, at least in Super Bowl losses!
 Hello, do you know much about quarterbacks? Yeah a bit, my favorite QB is Brady, what about yours? 
 hi! do you like football? Yea, I watch it all the time. I heard DJ Moore might get drafted by the Carolina Panthers
 What is your favorite football team? hello,  I dont watch much football anymore.  But I like the 49ers.  although,  they havent been good in awhile lol 
 Hi. Do you like football? Not a fan at all. I know a lot of my neighbors are Pats fans, though...even though we don't live in New England!
 do you like the nfl? yes I do . DId you know that women can play too?
 I have never heard of Blake Bortles, have you?? I am familiar with him, but I also follow football and the NFL pretty closely.  Do you know what college he attended?
 Hi Turker, are you a NFL fan, if yes, did you think the chief should had been in the Superbowl?  The NFL? The National Football League? I do not who the chiefs are. Is that a team?
 Are you a big football fan? It's my favorite sport to watch. I have a passing knowledge of football. I only saw part of the superbowl and the initial show wasn't that great
 I feel that Nick Foles is a good quarterback who the Philadelphia Eagles are lucky to have along with Wentz. Yes, he completed three touchdowns on the game last sunday
 Hi, how are you? Good.  Are you a football fan?
 Hello.  Are you familiar with NFL? Hello.  Yes I am.  It's the american football league and has two conferences, the afc and the nfc.
 I don't understand why the patriots are so hated It's because they are a dynasty and everyone gets sick of seeing the same team in the superbowl again and again. Also because they've been caught cheating multiple times. George RR Martin called them the Lannisters of the NFL ha ha. 
 Hi there are you a football fan? I am a football fan, are you?
 Hi there do you have a favorite quarterbacks? I like Tom Brady because he's so awesome at football haha Yeah, Brady is good, but I always liked Peyton Manning.  
 Hey how are you doing, ever hear of a quarterback? hi how are you? i have a heard of a quarterback, a halfback and a fullback. LOL
 Hello do you watch football? Hi there I do sometimes yes. I watched the Superbowl for instance. I really like Tom Brady, what about you?
 do you like the NFL? I sure do. Did you know women can play too?
 Hi!  Are you a football fan? No I am not. However, I like Tom Brady. He is my favorite quarterback.
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know The junpero serra high school jv football team recorded a historically bad season in which they failed to win a game or even score a touchdown yet they never attempted to start their backup quarterback. that backup quarterback they refused to start is 4 time super bowl champion tom brady. Also, Alex Smith was quite the brain receiving a bachelor's degree in 2 years because he had so many AP credits
 Are you an NFL Fan I am.  I think Patrick Mahomes dropping 375 passing yards is impressive!  Are you a fan?
 Hi, how are you? Very good! Do you enjoy football?
 Hello! Are you a fan of football? Absolutely!  Out of the 32 teams, who is your favorite team?
 I don't understand why the patriots are such a hated team I don't know either. I see that a lot. But I'm not really a big fan of football. Are you?
 Are you a fan of the NFL? Good afternoon, yes, I am.  How about you?
 Do you follow the NFL? Yes! With 32 teams there is always football on in my house during the season.
 Hi there! How are you tonight? I am wondering if you are a football fan? I sometimes follow football. especially around the playoffs. You?
 Hello there, do you follow the NFL? hi there hi there! I dont usually but sometimes i follow near the super bowl. 
 im not really into the nfl but it seems like quarterbacks are really the stars of a team  Yeah, they play the most important position 
 Good morning! How are you doing today? I'm good thanks for asking. Did you know that Trump does rate as one the top 3 President wealthiest? 
 Good morning to you! How are you today? Hi, I'm fine. Still hard to believe Stan Lee is dead. I know he was 95 but just thought he'd be around forever.
 Are you a comic book fan? I used to be as a kid, but not so much anymore.  I do know of comic book legend stan lee though.
 Hi do you know much about presidents? Yeah some stuff. Did you know Wilson is the only one to have a PhD?
 Are you a Tom Brady fan? Yes, I like him. I am a Patriots fan!!
 Hi, do you like the NFL? I do like the NFL yeah, what about you? do you like the scared sport of football?
 Good morning. Do you watch football? Did you hear about Kurt Warner wanting to come back I did hear about that, he had some good stats towards the end of his career but I imagine he's rusty.
 How familiar are you with football? I love it. I watch every sunday. Do you like it?
 hi, do you watch nfl? Yes, I like to watch football, did you watched the superbowl?
 Do you watch football? Seldom.  I do know something about Tom Brady though.
 Hello. Did you know that females could play in the NFL ? I did not know that,  I guess they dont meet the requirements of the game, men are physically different
 Do you enjoy football and the nfl? I do but I am not a fan of the Patriots.  They are always winning.
 Who do you think is a better QB, Alex Smith or Kirk Cousins?   I've read that some experts rank them as equals. In one survey, the scored exactly the same even though their names were separated by others within the survey. What do you think?
 Are you a fan of the NFL?  I love the NFL!
 Hi, how are you? hey im good. did you watch the patriots in the superbowl
 Hello, are you an NFL fan? Yes, I am. Do you follow all the QB controversies?
 hi how are you? do you like talking about football?  It's not my favorite thing, as I think it  horrible how the Saints treat their cheerleaders.
 Hi, have yo heard about Tom brady? I have heard of Tom Brady, but not much recently.What's up?
 Hi Turker, are you a football fan, if yes, what's your favorite team? I sometimes watch football. Don't really have a favorite team. How about you?
 Hey what's up. You a football fan? I am still waiting for the first NFL female player! Hello there, I am a fan, I think that would be so cool if one did!
 How does Tom Brady's wife make more than him?  she is a global icon, and I think it is a reason
 Do you enjoy the NFL? I do enjoy the NFL. Can't wait for the games tomorrow. Do you enjoy the NFL?
 Hi Are you an NFL fan? No I'm not really a fan, I do read about big happenings in the league though. Yourself?
 I enjoy the NFL. How about yourself? I watch a little, seems like the rules are constantly being changed.
 Hi, do you like football? Yes, football is one of my favorite sport, do you like the sport also?
 Did you watch the Super Bowl last night? I did. Did you? They had the opening night event at Xcel Energy Center.
 hi how are you? do you like sports? I'm good. Yes I do like sports.
 Hello, do you like the NFL? Yes I do, do you?
 Tom Brady is a really important player, his absence can really damage the team I agree!  He is considered to be the biggest steal in the history of the NFL draft.
 did you know that Tom Brady has never eaten a strawberry before? haha How is that possible? He must have some sort of allergy or something. The Rams could sneak some strawberries in his water today!
 Are you familiar with the nfl and football? I am, did you watch the Super Bowl last Sunday? 
 How do you feel about Tom Brady? I used to like Tom Brady but ever since he was involved in Deflategate I no longer think of him as a good football player.
 Did you watch the Super Bowl this year? No, I missed it! But I watched the game prior when the Patriots beat KC into the Super Bowl, it was incredible. Did you know that Tom Brady is only one of 2 people to win 5 super bowls! crazy.
 Hello, do you like to watch NFL football? Good morning, I sure do.  How about you?
 The NFL is one of the major sports league in North America. It is, the first playoff game was in 1932.
 How are you? Do you Watch football? Malcolm Jenkins is the leader of the NFL Players Coalition I used to watch football, but I had never heard of MJ. I stopped watching because I was sick of seeing all the players misbehave.
 Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr. did a nice job again yesterday, securing his place in Superbowl history. Did you watch the game? I live near Foxboro MA so I was very happy when the Pats won. Though I do not follow football that much. I watched part of the game.
 Hey there do you have a favorite quarterback? They use quarterbacks in both American and Canadian football Hi! I do happen to favor Trubisky, especially after he threw six touchdowns in one half against the Bucs. What about you?
 hi how are you? do you like football? I love football! How about you?
 How much do you know about Tom Brady? Well I know that he's never eaten a strawberry haha. I do like him a lot though. What about you?
 Good morning! Guess how much actual game play is in an average NFL game? Good morning to you. I read that there is only 11 minutes of actual game time, that is incredible. 
 hi how are you? HI there.  Ready for some football trivia?
 Do you like football? yes I do. do you have a favorite player?
 I enjoy the NFL. Are you a fan? Yes I am, it's my favorite sport to watch. Who is your favorite team?
 I am and avid football fan, but I have to admit I don't much care for Tom Brady. I'm not, either. I'm glad his wife earns over double his salary a year. Haha!
 Are you a fan of the NFL? hi how are you? i watch the NFL sometimes. You?
 Hello, do you watch the NFL? I sure do. Did you know women can technically play too?
 Hi, how are you tonight? Dandy. Like Nick Foles of the Eagles, I have turned to my higher power for peace and strength. Are you a football fan?
 Hey how are you, big fan of Tom Brady by chance? I  am a big fan of Brady, I love the Patriots my favorite team, what about you?
 Hello there, did you watch the super bowl this year? I did. I thought it was kind of boring myself. I really do like the Patriots. What about you?
 do you watch the NFL? Yes I do. Did you hear they are putting tracking chips on the players now?
 Hi there! Are you a football fan? i was a fan, but i havent followed the game in a while. You?
 hello,  do you like football? i dont know the game very well. do you like football?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Me too!  What do you think of the new NFL rule?
 Hello,  do you watch football? I really like football but I did not know there was a chance women could be eligible
 do you watch the NFL? I sure do. DId you know women can plan in it too?
 Hey did you see the game yesterday, how was Tom Brady? I did see the game yesterday.  Tom Brady was just as analysts consider him-one of the greatest quarterbacks of all time.
 Hi there, my article is about the super bowl, yours? same.  Tom Brady is the GOAT
 I went to Oklahoma University.  Are you familiar with Baker Mayfield? No, I don't know much about football.  Is he a football player
 Hi, are you a football fan? I watch it from time to time, but usually during the playoffs and Super Bowl
 hi, do you watch the nfl? Hi!  I do watch the NFL occasionally... I'm a big fantasy football player, so I have to stay up to date to make sure I can do well.  How about you?
 Did you know an iPhone has more computing power than the entire us nuclear ICBM deterrent? You would think with all that power the iPhone would suck a little less than it does. Ha! No kidding! I was not aware of that! You know, at the end of the day when it comes to phones, Hedy Lamarr doesn't get enough credit for helping to invent the cellphone, GPS and wifi!
 Hello Hello  Do you know any interesting facts about the white house?
 can you believe that woman were not allowed to wear pants in the senate until 1993 ? That is strange. But it is not shoking the Senate has been a mess for a while. Did you see the new drama the Senate is having with the EPA?
 So do you have any feelings regarding the EPA under the current administration? I think Their testimonies illuminate sharp contrasts between the current EPA and earlier ones, under both Republican and Democratic administrations. Is it right?
 Did you know that the current president does not rank in the top three wealthiest  I read about it and I was surprised.  
 Hello do you know much about Presients or U.S, Senate? The first President of Zimbabwe was named President Banana,  aactually full name was Canaan Banana,  like banana was actually his name! That's pretty funny. I don't know a lot about politics. I heard that the President's guest house is bigger than the White House!
 do you like basketball? Love it, I actually like both football and basketball
 If there's one thing I wish I would have learned more of as a kid, it's dance. I love watching good choreography Yeah! Can't believe Tupac was also a ballet dancer back in the day and even portrayed the mouse in the Nutcracker, I wonder if he wanted that to be a secret.
 Hi there! I am a big sports fan. I like basketball, football, and dance. What about you? Hello,  thats cool. I like watching basketball, baseball and hockey.  I only do snowboarding and swimming though.  
 Hey...do you like Hoops? I saw some old clips of Kareem dunking. Yes I do, I wonder that the dunk got banned from college basketball?
 do you enjoy reading? I love it. Did you ever read Starship Troopers?
 Hi there! Do you read much? It's pretty amazing that we can decode the symbols on a page and understand meaning so easily. Yes, I'm an avid reader. Yes, reading is a complex interaction between text and reader shaped by prior knowledge, experiences, attitude, and the language community.
 Did you see the Jay Feely pic on twitter? I didn't I'm not even sure who he is. Is he in the NFL, the pro football league?
 hi do you watch basketball? I sure do. Do you know you Kareen Abdul-Jabbar is?
 Are you familiar with George Pelecanos? I am familiar with some of his work.  The Wire is one of the best shows I have ever seen.
 Hey, do you like basketball? I used to watch basketball more. How about you?
 Hello, are you particularly interested in sports? Hello, it depends on which sport. I'm a basketball fan, and am fascinated by the fact that there is a court in the Supreme Court Buliding.
 Hey there do you like watching football? Did you see one team painted their locker room pink? I know that's a tactic to intimidate the other team. I'm more into basketball since in 39 out of 50 states a college basketball or football coach is the highest paid state employee.
 I love watching football - both american football and soccer. I do too! I like being at the games! What teams do you like?
 Hey, I am really into watching sports. Football is my favorite though. A lot going on in sports right now thouhg. Football is my favorite as well although I also like watching all the major sports. Who are your favorite teams?
 I saw that Bryce Harper is inline to make a ton of money, almost getting close to Alex Rodriguez. Best news for him since those stupid "Make Baseball Fun Again" hats.
 Hi, do you like baseball? I sure do. I think it is a great way to bring people together. It is weird though that in Canada soccer-baseball is the name for kickball.
 Hi. Do you watch sports? Yeah. I like Boxing, Football, Baseball, and Hoops.
 I am ambivalent about pitch count limits in baseball.  They were introduced 2 years ago.  What do you think? I dont know muballch about baseball but from what I hear it has mixed results, some cons some pros
 Hi! Do you like fun trivia about sports? I most certainly do. I see some info about pitch counts in high school basebal land remember having a pitch count in little league of like 40-50.
 Good evening! Watch any good TV this weekend? Good evening. I'm alternating between The Handmaid's Tale and The Simpsons. Oddly, there is only one where Bart isn't in it. I have yet to see it.
 When students and parents visit college, the best way to do it for most is as an informal vacation type trip. maybe, ive done that person. talking  to the advisers i feel is one of the most imporant as well
 Hi, how are you? hey I'm good, did you now that kim jong-un has a degree in physics? like that is silly
 Hello. Do you still watch much TV? I still watch the animations on television like South Park and The Simpsons. I watch some television, but have been working on college visits lately.
 Did You know that Kellan moore is the only left handed quarterback in the nfl ? Yeah!  Cool!  The nfl has no written rule against female players; women would in fact be allowed if they met the league's eligibility requirements.
 do you like the nfl? I sure do. do you know women can play too?
 Hi, do you like football? Yes. The NFL is a professional American football league consists of 32 team which divided equally between NFC and AFC.
 Do you usually vote in elections? Then he should leave Hollywood for his own good. It's a tough job, acting. You really have to be self-motivated.
 Democrats and Republicans and all the controversy, what are your thoughts? I think it's all pretty silly, but we have a civic duty to vote to get our thoughts heard. Like in Austin, when they voted to change the name of the dump to Fred Durst.
 Hi, how are you? I am okay. Do you know much about presidents?
 I did not realize that JFK was a wealthier president than Washington. JFK was loaded, I didnt realize Washington was rich lol
 Hello, do you know much about the presidents? I think I'm well versed lol Which has been your favorite president so far?
 Did you know the president of indonesia released 3 albums while in office?  yes, i did. i have not heard the albums. i expect them to be pretty good. after all, he is president.
 Hello!  Did you know that the top 3 presidents in American history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson.  I think Trump though is now on that list so it would be a top 4 list.  lol Hi! No I was never aware of that! 
 Hi, how are you? Howdy, okie dokie....how do you like radio? LOL
 Hi, do you listen to the radio? i used to listen to the radio when i was young. not so much now. You?
 Hello!  Do you use Facebook? Yes, I sometimes do. Do you? I hear Facebook is mentioned in lots of divorce filings nowadays.
 Do you know that cars were invented in 1800's? I think the late 1800's right? do you know who invented the first car?
 Hi, how are you this morning? Good morning, were you aware that Google's self driving cars have an "aggressive" mode? Sounds like a disaster in the making, to me.
 Hi! Do you own a compact car, crossover SUV, SUV, or what type of car do you own? I love Cadillacs and would like to own one of those! Never knew until recently they were named after the founder of Detroit - French explorer  Antoine De La Mothe Cadillac! What about you?
 Hey there what do you watch on television? I know I like to watch stranger things and South Park I haven't seen Stranger Things. Is that on Netflix?
 Do you know when Russia invaded the Ukraine? Hi am not sure, but I think Russia invaded UKraine in 2014.
 Do you like to travel? I do, though I wish I could afford to do it more. Funny that planes traveled faster in the 60s though
 Hello, do you watch television? Yes, I do. I watch Big Bang Theory and the national news.
 Hi, how are you? I am fine. How about you?
 Did you know America has a president? I do, his name is Donald Trump. Good thing we don't have a dictator or an authoritarian regime
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest ones in the US are?
 hi how are you? what do you think of Kim Jong-un? I heard he is editing pictures to portray a different history.  If he is trying to fool people that is despicable.
 hi,  DO you like to watch tv? Yeah, I watch some shows regularly here and there! 
 Do you follow the news? Hello - yes I do follow the news. What about you? 
 Hi there!  do you like to watch television? Yes I do. I have spent countless hours watching Pokemon.
 do you like cars? Love them. DO you know who and when invented the drive thru?
 Hi there , looking forward to chat with You ! Hello! Do you watch a lot of TV?
 How's it going? Have any interest in cars? The first car was invented by Karl Benz of Germany Interesting. Where would we be without cars? I enjoy driving. The history of cars is earlier than in the US.
 What do you  do for entertainment? I am a fan of the OG Nintendo, you know the one with Duck Hunt
 Hi! It is world toilet day lol. I was just thinking something along those lines haha. I don't often read about poop but I suppose it's an important thing to know about haha
 There's lots of news on television about the government today.  I guess that's to be expected on Sunday morning.  I've heard the pundits use the term "constitution" repeatedly; at least I have the freedom to change the channel if I want to, I guess. :) That is always good.  I find it hard to watch the news these days.  Everything is so slanted, no one just reports facts anymore. 
 Chen Xiaoping is a New York based editor at Mirror Media Group who thinks his wife was kidnapped.  There are communications from a youtube video from a Chinese woman addressing her husband and saying she hasn't contacted him due to relationship issues and to stop writing.   Yeah I guess in 2017 Chen began interviewing billionaire Guo Wengui and aired his reports on Huopai's you tube channel. 
 Is your toilet clean? What a way to start a conversation, lol! I guess it should be for world toilet day. 
 do you know much about the government? Some stuff. DO you know what wikileaks is?
 hey do you like watching south park? Hello there, I have watched South Park before, I remember watching the first few episodes ever, how about you?
 I have learned that there is an official day for "World Toilet Day."  Did you know a day existed around that? Not until recently but apparently 61% of our global population still lack safe sanitation in 2015. I think that is pretty bad.
 Do you like to watch football? Yes. I enjoyed the Patriots win in the Superbowl this year.. You?
 Good Morning!  Do you watch football? Good morning!  No, I don't.  Do you?
 I was reading a preseason NFL article the other day and it was about the Redskins QB, Colt McCoy wanting to prove that he was the right choice for back-up QB. That's good.  Do you like football?
 Hello there, have you been following the NFL playoffs this year? No I haven't.  Is your team in it?
 Good morning! Do you like football? I do not really. I only watched the Super Bowl because I went to a party. And you?
 Hello, are you a football fan? Yes, did you know that Iowa's visiting team locker room is pink! Entirely Pink!!!
 Hello! Do you like football? I love it! You?
 How's it going, do you follow football? Colt McCoy is doing a pretty good job as the Redskins backup Good morning!  I do follow football and I agree about Colt McCoy.  I liked him back when he played for, I think the University of Texas.
 Duterte's joke was in incredibly poor taste, considering his strict "war on drugs"  What do you think about his comment? I know.  He is a dictator.  He does not care about what others say about him.
 Are you a history person.  Did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson are the three richest Presidents in history? I didn't know that or that The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Do you like to watch tv?  Oh yeah. It's My favorite pastime. I like South PArk, Do you? I also like Simpsons. 
 Hey, do you like football? I do are you a Brady fan?
 Are you an NFL fan?  I'm reading some dated material about the playoffs. DId you watch the NFC championship game?  Eagles vs. Vikings? I am a fan. I know 14 of the world's 25 largest stadiums belong to American college football teams.
 What are your toughts on Trump? Hello,  i think its pretty cool that the president guest house is bigger than the white house. 
 Do you think our President is making a mockery of the government? Yes.
 Hello, how are you? DO you like football? I do like football. I'm a Patriots fan. Bill Belichick is such a cook, I love him. He lists Tom Brady on the injury report every week. Even though he shows no sign of injury!
 How's it going? Pretty interesting some writers thought The Pats could beat the Eagles in the Super Bowl without Rob Gronkowski hi how are you? Im doing great. The Pats won this time against LA, right? i didnt watch the game.
 I'm not much of a fan of Tom Brady, the quarterback for the Patriots.   I'm not a fan either, but he has an impressive record. Do you watch football?
 hello, nfl watcher? yes i am.  i love football
 Hey!  With all this presidential talk lately, I think it is important to laugh.  Did you know the first president of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!? Ha! You're kidding me? That is funny! Ha! Although not as humorous, I still found it funny that the Indonesia president has released not one, not two, but three pop albums while serving in office! Ha!
 Hey, do you like football? Yes, NFL. Do you have a fav team?
 Hi.  Do you play or watch football? Hi! I love to watch football! I wish I could have seen Georgia Tech set the highest score record over Cumberland by beating them 222-0 back in 1916 though. I bet that was fun to watch. Do you watch football as well?
 Hi, how are you? I'm good how about yourself? Do you like football?
 Hi, how are you? Do you follow football? Hey Friend, I really don't follow myself, but my whole family does, so I know a little about it. I grew up in New England so they're all Patriots fans.
 Do you like football? I do like football. Do you like it?
 Are you a Tom Brady fan?  Hello, no I am not. I do find it oddly satisfying that his wife makes more money than he does
 Hello, did you know the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JKF, Jefferson, and Washington. No, that's interesting.  I thought Trump would be up there.
 Hey what do you think about Stormy Daniels by the way? Do you think she is right or wrong Isn't she a porn star?
 do you like cars? Yes I do. Do you know when the drive thru was invented?
 HI, how are you doing today? I am doing well. Thank you. Did you listen to the radio this morning?
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know Mcdonalds' added drive-thru in 1975 to accommodate soldiers who were not allowed to get out of their cars while wearing their fatigues. I learned that a few days ago.  It is surprising how often a minor cause creates a lucrative new business.
 Hi, do you listen to the radio? Hi, how are you? dont listen much now. i did as a kid. YOu?
 Hello! Do you like football? Hi! I do like football, but mostly listen to it on the radio, how about you?
 How's it going, did you know it's possible to make a radio with a razorblade and pencil? That is cool.   Electromagnetic energy waves are very interesting things.
 Have you ever thought about drive-thrus?  I've heard that Mcdonalds invented the drive thru just to help out soldiers back in the day. I havent given too much thought to that but it seems interesting, kind of the aggressive mode google self driving cars have.
 hi how are you? Good. Did you know there are over 1.25 billion cars in the world?
 Do you have a favorite kind of shoe? Not sure, I like the brand Nike and sport shoes, what about you?
 Do you buy Nike products? nope I personally don't. But I also don't really buy any sports clothes what about you? I guess they took a hit because of recent politics they were engaged in?
 hi, what kind of shoes do you like? I like tennis shoes, but I must admit I threw out my Nikes! What about you?
 Hello how are you doing?  Did you know Professional ballet dancers can go through 4 pairs of pointe shoes in a week. I am well. That's amazing! Their poor feet! 5000 year old shoes perform better than modern shoes.
 Hi, how are you? I am doing well thank you. I really like shoes and have many pairs. How about yourself?
 Hi, how are you? I'm great! How are you?
 How you doing tonight? I am well, you?
 Do you watch much football at all? I do, I love the sport, do you?
 Hello, are you into movies as much as i am? Whats your favorite type? Hey Hi, I am into action movies
 Hi.  Have you heard of Baker Mayfield? wasnt he the quarterback that almost left football for gaming?
 Are you a football fan? Have you heard about U of Iowa's locker room for visiting teams? I like pro more than college but I had heard that they painted that room pink.
 Hi do you watch the NFL? Yes, I do.  I enjoy watching football (especially college footballs)
 hi, do you have a favorite piece of clothing? Hi, how are you? No, not particularly. You?
 Do you like listening to the radio? I used to listen to the radio a lot. i dont listen much now. You?
 hi how are you? do you like the radio? I am good, I do enjoy the radio, although I only listen to it on the car. What about you?
 Hi, are you a Fox New viewer? No i am not.. not a fan of the news because it's so negative!
 I can't believe the US federal debt is about $15 trillion dollars!   hi how are you? yes, it is hard to believe, and it will only get worse.
 Hello. How are you doing. Im doing great, did you know Trump isnt the richest president in US history, that fact came as a suprise to me
 Do you like listening to radio ? Hello there, I do enjoy it, I found a good local station recently.  How about yourself?
 Hi do you watch fox news? Hi, yes, I watch Fox news and CNN just to get both sides of the story and then decide for myself, who's actually telling the truth!
 I read an interesting article Oh yeah, what was it about? I read some where that woodrow wilson was the only us president with a phd. 
 Hello, are you a fan of the President? Hi, how are you? You mean President Trump?
 Good morning to you. Do you ever listen to the radio? I think it's so cool how it uses different properties of electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space. radio really is a cool medium. it is still valuable to use, though most people prefer video. it dont listen now as much as I used to.
 hello The shooting in Pittsburgh was a terrible thing
 Do you listen to the radio?  No, not now. I use Apple tunes I bought for the drive into work in the morning, but yes; ealier in my life we lived on radio. Music, talk, morning drive was always an institution.I see where one of the most popular radio acts in the 1930's was a ventriloquuist. I wonder how that worked.
 Hello there, do you listen to the radio much? Sometimes, I would say Im more into podcasts, but I hear that Jupiter has some strong radio storms that can be picked up on AM radio
 I did not know that Fox News was so popular, more than CNN and MSNBC combined. Me too, I also did not know that Fox news threatened to sue The Simpsons. Even though it's a comedy cartoon, they took it seriously.
 Hi!  Do you follow politics? Mostly I do. Though I will admit, I get tired of all the bickering! How about you? Are you interested in congress and the President?
 DO you like the Fox News channel? Hello, do you like to watch the news?  More specifically Fox news?
 Hi, how are you doing? Are you ready for a chat about news, radio, and the president? Hello! Yes, I am! I am definitely interested in your thoughts about the President and where things are headed. on a lighter note, I learned something interesting today. Did you know that radio station translates solar activity into sound?... mind blown
 hey did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 wealthiest presidents if you consider all of them? Wow, that's interesting! I suppose that is something Sean Hannity of Fox News would know since his shows are all about the president! 
 Hilarious that Fox News tried to sue the Simpsons for parodying it. I suppose Ailes didn't understand the Streisand Effect, perhaps due to the fact that he's an older guy and not super familiar with the internet.  Not a huge fan of Fox News. Even more surprising that they're more watched than CNN and MSNBC combined.
 Do you watch fox News? I try not to, I find them a bit slanted.  
 Hi do you watch Fox news? Yes sometimes. Did you know they are owned by the same company that owns the IGN website?
 hey there do you ever watch Fox News? ya, I watch Fox New and MSNBC sometimes too. Do you?
 om studios at 1211 Avenue of the Americas in New York City. Fox N did you know that JFK was one of the three wealthiest Presidents in history? Washington and Jefferson were the other two.
 Hi...do you listen to the radio? I do, every day on my way to work but mostly music. I think it is cool there is a website where you can listen to classic radio dramas for free.
 Good morning. Do you follow politics at all? I think the presidential election is an interesting time for our country. I do, it can very contentious, though.  You always have to tread carefully when you talk presidents.
 Hello there, are you a big listener of the radio? Hi, well I used to as a kid, I can't say that I listen to it anymore though, what about you?
 I did not know that Laura Ingraham was considered for white House Press Secretary.  it seems she would make more money and be better off with her talk shows. I believe she was an early supporter of Trumpism, I do not know if she still is.
 hi, do you know much about presidents? hey, I know a little bit, can you guess the top 3 richest presidents?
 Have you heard about the March for Our Lives? I have heard of it. I think it was in response to a shooting that happened in Florida correct?
 Do you follow the NFL? I usually follow during the playoffs and the Super Bowl.
 Do follow the NFL? I do! Do you like the patriots?
 Did you know who Rob Gronkowski is? I personally do not know him but he is a football player for the Patriots team.
 Good evening! Happy holidays! Did you know that Jupiter has strong radio storms? They can be picked up on AM radio. Happy holiday.  No, I did not know about that Jupiter radio storm.  But it was an amazing incident
 Hello, what is you favorite NFL team> The New England Patriots, have you ever heard of Rob Gronkowski?
 Are a fan of the NFL? Hi, yes I like the NFL very much!! i love the Denver Broncos!! Ma favorite of the 32 teams!
 Hi. Are you a fan of the NFl?  Did you know, I heard recently that they don't have any written rules against women playing the game.  I wonder if women will play in the future. Hi! Yes! I didn't know that. I'm a huge Giants fan but i love Gronk. I would  kill my brother if he called to complain about my job though to a radio station!
 Hi, do you like football? Sometimes I watch it on TV.
 What is your favorite sport? Mine is either Basketball or Football. Same. Although I do tend to like baseball as well. In fact, I follow Riverside High's baseball team and appreciate what Coach Sam Plank has done last year going 24-4 and starting off 8-1 this year!
 Do you like Baseball? I do like baseball! How about you?
 Hello! Do you watch football at all? Yes I love watching football I am sad that the season is over. I wish there were less ads on NFL games though and more actual live gameplay.
 Good evening. Do you enjoy the game of baseball?  I sure do! I think it is funny that people in Japan are surprised that baseball is America's favorite pastime since it is so popular there.
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Pretty well and you? do you watch baseball?
 Hi, how are you? Doing good... Never heard of the TRump show, have you?
 Hello.  Do you watch television? Yes I love watching TV. I really love that 70' show. Can't believe they made the UK version!
 Hi there!  Are you a fan of professional sports? Hi there, I like Football the best, basketball since the Warriors are 15 miles from me, and I used to watch MBA but I kinda fell off baseball.
 How's it going, do you watch much tv? It's basically a mass medium for advertising Yes I do watch quite a bit tv.
 Hello. Are you a fan of That 70's Show? There is a British version, although it only lasted 10 episodes. I love that 70s show. It must not have been very well received in the UK.
 Do you have a favorite car brand? Hi, how are you? I like many different kinds of cars. You?
 Hi, do you know of a 30 year old still living with their parents? I have a cousin that moved back in with his parents after some financial issues.  
 Interesting topics. I am a big football fan. How cool is the new tracking technology that uses AWS Cloud to quickly gather data on games? I too am a big fan of football, I think all of the new technology is amazing.
 Hi, do you like the NFL? I do not know much and the only position I know of is the quarterback, who calls the plays and almost always throws the passes.
 Good morning, are you a football fan? I am a football fan. I like both college and the NFL. Do you like football?
 Hi, how are you? Do you follow the NFL? I do a little bit, but I pay more attention during the playoffs and Super Bowl
 Do you watch football? not too much but I support my wifes favorite team. you?
 Hey there, I am a huge football fan. The NFL has 32 teams equally divided between the AFC and the NFC. We are Packers fan at my house, how about you? My husband is a huge fan, so I know a bit about the game. Personally I don't understand all the hype for an average of only 11 minutes of live gameplay.
 hi there, do you watch NFL? I do, I am actually a huge fan of the NFL. How about yourself? 
 Do you follow NFL football? Seems players talk a lot on shows and social media. Is it hype or do these guys mean what they sometimes say? I love football! I love that Snoop Dog actually wrote a fight song for his son's high school team.
 Hello there, do you follow football at all? Not too much TBH, but I do find some of the little facts and details about it to be quite interesting.  Like the pink locker room... LOL.  Heard about that one?
 Hi there. Are you a football fan? Interesting that multiple sports coincide with the name. I'm not surprised. I do sometimes follow the American version. You?
 It is so crazy how many types of "football" there are I like all forms, American being my favorite but I enjoy soccer and rugby as well. What about yourself?
 Do you like football? I do, I like the Patriots. I miss having Benjarvus Green-Ellis on our team. He never fumbled in his time with the Patriots or the Bengals.
 do you know much about presidents? I know that Wilson was the only president to have a PhD
 Hi, how are you? Hello, Very good and you?
 hello! Hello, did you know that the government shut down because of Trump?
 Congress can be interesting. Like them all being older and still playing in the annual dems v reps baseball game. I guess they also take their rivalry to the courts, they sure have interesting traditions like that one
 Hi, how are you doing this fine morning? I'm doing well. It appears that people in Gaza are not as there were some deaths according to the Israeli defense minister. 
 hi, do you know much about the president? Well, I think i am learning more everyday. I respect the office of the presidency. I visited to White House an noticed how much larger the guest house seemed to be. I was looking from far away though. 
 Do you listen to the radio much? I enjoy the radio from time to time, but mostly listen to Apple Music. Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by am radio!
 Hey, Merry Christmas Thanks for you, how much do you know about computers
 Hi. How are you? Good morning and well; thank you for asking as well as chatting with me this morning! Do you know that in 1936 a computer was made by the Russians that ran on water?
 Good Morning. Good morning. How are you? I am hanging out on my computer this morning. 
 Do you use computers a lot? I do, all of the time. It's hard to believe someone created a computer that can be instructed to carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations automatically via programming. 
 I couldn't imagine living in such a volitile area as the gaza strip.  I know what you mean.  It's dangerous with Hamas took it over 11 years ago.
 Hi, do you like basketball? Hello, How are you? Yes, I enjoy going to the games!! Do you?
 Hello there, do you follow the NBA at all? I don't, I do not really car that mich for basketball.
 Hi, do you think that President Trump is the richest one ever? Trump? Who knows? Has anyone seen his tax returns?  Without that info, I would have to guess that JFK was richest. Am I right?
 did you know that Trump wouldn't be in the top 3 of most wealthy Presidents? That is crazy haha On an inflation adjust basis, I can believe it. 
 do you like basketball? I love it. Have you ever seen Space Jam?
 do you like basketball? Love it. Did you know LeBron is going to be in the next space jam movie?
 Dennis Rodman sure has an interesting history with Noth Korea! ya I know they love hiim over there, I do like basketball a lot, do you?
 Hi, how are you? I am good.  How are you?  Did you know that James Naismith invented basketball?
 do you use facebook? Yes a lot. Did you know they are mentioned in one third of divorce papers?
 hi do you watch tv? quite a bit actually during the day, and you?
 hey my friend, do you ever watch any television? I like to watch the news on the television and only a few other shows like the Simpsons.
 Hello, do you use Facebook? No, I do not. FB is a social media and networking service. I am antisocial and private by nature. The two do not mix. You?. 
 Micelle Obama was in Brooklyn. yeah it's a part of her book tour right? Looks like her book is selling extremely well, Im very happy for her
 Gun violence is such a problem, especially in America today. It can really happen to anyone. Even Jennifer Hudson isn't immune to it, she lost three family member! wow that is sad, I could see that making her really sad and venting from the frustration
 Do you know of Jennifer Hudson? I do not. Is she a special person of note?
 do you know who Jennifer hudson is? Sad to admit I do not actually, who is she?
 Hello, did you know that a trunk of a car really used to be a wooden trunk? I did not but I did know that McDonalds was the first one to have a drive thru
 Good morning. Do you watch much Television. Not too much anymore, I'd say I watched a  lot more television when I was younger.
 Do you watch many television shows? Not as much, just a few shows, how about yourself?
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. Do you know who the three wealthiest us presidents are?
 Hello, did you know that JFK, Washington, and Jefferson where the three richest Presidents in history. That is surprising to me. When you're a president you get to live in luxury. But did you know the guest house is larger than the white house?
 Hi, do you follow politics? Good afternoon, I follow enough to keep up with what's going on.  Lately, it's been very depressing. How about you?
 How's it going, did you know the functions of the president is different for each state they are in? I did not know that. I would think that would be more the Governor's responsibility. I do like when the President has a pet, like a dog, who are actually not colorblind.
 Hi.  I heard an interesting fact recently.  Did you know that the three richest presidents ever were washington, jefferson, and jfk? Hello, they must have accomplished to people's satisfactions.
 Do you like football ? Hey ya I like the NFL and college! My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offense. What about you?
 How familiar are you with presidents of states? Hello there, I am a bit familiar, how about you?
 HI how are you? I'm fine. How are you doing?
 Do you  play fantasy football? No, but I fantasize about playing football... Does that count?  Like, I imagine myself as Kellan Moore, the only left-handed QB currently in the NFL. WHat are your fantasies?
 Do you listen to the radio Yes.  I love the radio.  You can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas on the internet for free!
 Do you follow politics much? I follow it from time to time yes what about you? What do you think about the Republican Party?
 Do you play fantasy football? I don't, but I have some friends who do. I guess there are a lot of things that have a fantasy version, such as the National Spelling Bee
 do you like fantasy? I do. Do you know who drafts the national spelling bee
 What sports do you enjoy? Hi my favorite ones are soccer and football, what about you?
 Hi. Do you like football? Football is an interesting sport. i dont know much about it.
 What do you think about the Falcons? I think they are a good team but with tough luck Yes I do not follow the Falcons much - I prefer college football - they have more fun like painting locker rooms pink
 Hi, how are you? Are you an NFL fan? I'm doing good and yes, I am a fan.  In particular I am a fan of Deshaun Watson.  He's the former Clemson quarterback that is doing so well.
 do you know much about presidents? I do. Do you know who the three wealthiest US presidents are?
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. do you know who the three wealthiest of them are?
 Do you enjoy football? Yes, I do.  I prefer college football to NFL teams though.
 How many NFL teams had a bye in week 11 last year? I don't know.  I'm interested to know.
 How's it going, did you know GOP stands for Grand Old Party? I dont know how I know but yes!  Republican Party
 Hey there do you like fantasy? I mean in terms of things like fantasy football haha I actually do and they even draft the national spelling bee, the people fantasy
 Sup playa? Have you been playing Fantasy Football at all? The Baltimore Ravens have the second highest scoring defense Hi there... no, sorry I wasn't... what exactly is Fantasy Football ?
 Hey good morning. Do you like the fantasy genre? It's roots are actually in oral traditions. Its one of my favorite genres, a fictional universe with countless of options limited only to imagination. 
 Hi. Do you like football? Yes I watch football from time to time. I think it's ok. I do think that it's a little bit boring though, what about you?
 Hi! Are you interested in sports, especially football? I do watch football, sometimes, especially during the Super Bowl. Did you know the highest score of a football game ever was 222-0?
 hi Good afternoon.  I don't know if you are interested in politics at all, but regardless of all the controversy these days, I find the facts about government pretty interesting.  Like in most places, the term president is a common title for the head of state.
 Hello, are you a gamer? I am and find it very interesting that Baker Mayfield once thought of quitting football, to become a full time gamer. How crazy is that? I am not a gamer but I swear my youngest son could be. That is crazy!  What I think that is even crazier is that they have a fantasy draft for the national spelling bee.
 Hello do you follow football? I do follow football. Do you?
 Do you like watching football? I love football, but I dislike Jimmy Garoppolo and all that he stands for. He should move to Guam!
 Do you like to watch football? I love football, what about you?
 I am a football fan. How about yourself? I'm a huge fan, I watch as many game as I can and play fantasy. Do you play fantasy football?
 Hey!  Do you have an interest in football? Not that much as the game kind of confuses me. How about you?
 hey, did you know that iowa's locker room for visiting teams is painted pink? That's pretty funny to me haha I didnt know that but I agree it must be curious to be the visiting team, wonder if that really works or just makes the other team angry.
 Do you remember about the confidential informant in the Trump campaign? I had a vague recollection of that.  It was an FBI spy, right?
 Do you play fantasy football?  I don't but my kids do. They love it. They just hate when their team has a bye week and they can play their favorite players! It hurts when Tom Brady has a bye week. LOL. 
 Good Morning.  Are you a football fan?  Playoff season is here. I am a fan.  I do fantasy football.  I saw that the National spelling bee is a fantasy draft.  Crazy.
 Hi, do you play any fantasy sport games? I never have but I've heard that you can even play fantasy spelling bee! So I can't promise that some day I won't try it, in one way or another! Ha
 Hey there, I found it pretty interesting that the Presidential runner-up became the Vice President until 1805  Hi. I thought that was awesome too. But now they have more choice in who they can work with. I thought it was awesome that Canadian law requires radio stations to play Canadian music 40 percent of the time.
 I didn't know that JFK was one of the top three wealthiest presidents. He must have had money. Wow!  Who were the other two?
 Hi there!  Do you follow politics? I do somewhat, it's hard to watch a lot of the news today though it seems so negative.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing great!  How about you?  Are you interested in Representative Comstock at all in her Northern Virginia GOP primary?
 Do you listen to the radio? I do from time to time, what about you?
 Hi. Are you into the fantasy football? They even have a fantasy draft for the spelling bee! I do belong to a fantasy football league. This year I pretty much just let AI pick my team and it sure showed. I came in last place. I just havent been watching much football in the past couple of years.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well and you?
 Are you a big fan of watching tv? I watch stuff I download on my computer. I dont have cable anymore.
 With out going into an hour long tirade let me simply say that where Trump is concerned, I am not a fan. Hi, how are you? What bothers you the most about him?
 Hi, do you know much about the presidents? Trump could possibly win a reelection, he has a lot of supporters
 Hi, how are you? Do you listen to the radio? Hey, I'm great thanks! Yes I do! Did you know that according to Canadian law, all radios are required to play at least 40% Canadian music?
 Do you believe the news media and media in general is biased? You would hope that it is not.  If one person had a platform to deliver a biased  message, no harm.  If a person owns a lot of platforms. Thats dangerous.
 do you know much about presidents? Yes, I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
 Do you subscribe to a print newspaper? I do not subscribe to a print newspaper, but if I were the person in the first article I am not sure I would receive it anyone since the kid plowed the mailbox over. 
 hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio? Hi im doing good.  how are you?  Yeah I listen to it sometimes. 
 Hi - Do you like cars? Yeah. Well I like mine at least. Lol.
 Good afternoon. Do you like cars? I think the 1908 model T was a classic because it was the first car available to everyone! I drive a car so I suppose I do.  More out of necessity than anything else.
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? I do. I find radio fascinating. Its crazy how long ago they figured out the technology to use radio waves to transmit information.
 Hi, Do you like movies and dramas? Hello there, yes, I am a big movie fan not so much dancing though.  How about yourself?
 Hey there do you drive a car? I use mine almost everyday Hello,  yes I drive a car.  
 Hi, do you drive? I do not drive. I have a phobia.
 Do you own a car? We do own a car, I have to drive the kids here, there and everywhere.
 Have you ever had to call New York using a rotary phone?  No I have actually never had to call someone in New York before. Come to think of it I have never used a rotaryphone. It's amazing to think that the inventor of the dial telephone was convinced phone operators routed his calls to rival businesses!
 do you like cars? Love cars. DO you know who invented the drive thru?
 Hello! Hi there, are you a big car person?
 Fun fact: the top 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington and Jefferson. I'm skeptical, how to you compare a horse to a limo? And they accomplished that without releasing 3 pop albums while in office like inodesias president.
 Did you know that up until 1805, the runner-up to President of the US became the Veep? Yeah,  i wish that was still a thing.  The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Good evening!  It might be fun to have a President Banana in the White House right?  That was the name of Zimbabwe's first president actually, but we can dream. That certainly would be fun!
 Hi, how are you?\ Good, thanks, how are you?
 So, do you think it that maybe it would be better if our President were just the head of state instead of also the head of government? I actually think it is pretty good how it is now. I was able to visit Washington DC recently and it very small compared to the guest house. I enjoyed looking at it though. HA
 hi, do you know much about presidents? I know they live in the White House!
 Do you listen to the Radio?  Yes, mostly on my commute to and from work every day.
 Do you know any interesting facts about the presidents? Good morning.  I might know a couple.  How about you?
 Are you a football fan? Do you watch the NFL? I'm a fan but don't get to watch much. I here there are no written rules concerning female players.
 Do you listen to the radio?  I listen to spotify, does that count? Do you listen to the radio?
 do you know much about the president? I know that WIlson was the only one to have a PhD
 Hello, do you listen to the radio? Sometimes, mostly when I am in my car. And you ?
 hi how are you?  I'm good thanks. I like learning facts about the government. Did you know the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France?
 Hello, what do you think about that memo to New York Times publisher Sounds like he was going to wasting his time trying to take down Trump's fake news slogan. 
 Hello!  Are you a fan of the NFL? Yes I am. Are you.
 Hello! Hello. The president has been tweeting all morning again today.
 Do you know anything about the background of Trump's Director of the National Economic Council, Larry Kudlow? I do not personally know anything about Trump or his people, but I do know that Woodrow Wilson is the only president with a phd.
 hi how are you? the sun is shining where I am. how about you? I'm doing well! Yes same here in Colorado! I wonder what it would be like if our sunset was blue like Mars?
 did you know the white house has the same buildings in both france and ireland I have not heard that. It's amazing that the White House has been in residence since 1800
 How are you? Did you know that a president is a title given to leaders of republican state? i had no clue!The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Hi.  Did you know the US President's guest house is larger that the White House? I think I did hear that somewhere. I bet they use it a lot as well.
 Hello Hi.  What do you think about Mr. Corallo's (Trump administration) claim?
 Good afternoon there partner. Have you ever seen the White House? I really want to go to Washington DC to check it out one day. I have not but apparently you don't just have to go to Washington to see it. they have twin building,  ones in France and Ireland.  
 do you like the NFL? i sure do. did you know women can play too?
 Hey did you hear how Trump called illegal immigrants animals recently Hi, how are you? Did he? I'm not surprised. He shoots off his mouth a lot. He probably call them something different next time.
 hi Hello, did you ever hear much about Spygate in the news? I didn't hear any of this shocking information.
 Hi, do you know much about presidents? Common title for head of state, but can mean different things depending the type of government  What do yo have in mind?
 do you know much about the white house? I know that Carter kept the temperature really low there during winter
 The White House is a place with a lot of history, its located in Washington D.C. it still uses floppy disks in part for storing files
 Hi do you know many presidential facts? I love president facts! Do you know the three wealthiest presidents? 
 Hi, how are you? Oh, I'm great. Just kicking back and listening to the radio. Do you radios?
 Do you know anything about Zimbabwe? not really, you?
 Hello.  Apparently, Kennedy, Washington and Jefferson were the top three wealthiest presidents. Hello,  Trump is definitely number one on the wealthiest presidents list!  Thats interesting though!
 Hi, do you like radio programs? I don't listen to them much, but I like listening to music on the radio. What about you?
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? I'm doing great thanks how are you? The radio is cool. Especially how it uses electromagnetic energy to transmit waves through space and produce sound.
 Are you comfortable talking about the government? Sure, I think trump should be President Banana, instead of the President of Zimbabwe.
 Hello there, I hope you are doing well today.  Did you know what the first president of Zimbabwe was called? The first president of Zimbabwe was know as President Banana, I wonder if he looked like one or just liked bananas a lot
 Hi, how are you? Hello! Pretty good. Do you like the radio?
 Do you still listen to the radio? I sure do! I've even herd that there are radio storms so strong on Jupiter they can be heard on an AM radio.
 Did you know that Trump is not among the 3 most wealthiest potus'? I believe I did hear that. Even so, I'd like to have some of his money. I think it's admirable that he refuses to accept a salary.
 Have you ever seen Hope Hicks? I think she's very attractive. No, I haven't, is she an actress or a performer or something?
 Do you like Trump as president? Sure, I've also met Larry Kudlow. 
 Hey there partner. Isn't it crazy that we choose one leader to make decisions for 350 million people in our country! Yeah that is interesting. Luckily we don't automatically let the runner up in a presidential election become vice president anymore. That would be...interesting!
 Good morning, do you follow politics? A bit
 Hi. Do you like to listen to the radio? Sometimes. I used to listen to the radio a lot as a kid. Didn't have a TV, so not much choice there.
 Hi! I was just reading about how John Chapman who passed rescuing a navy seal will recieve the medal of honor, sad story.  Hello there, it sounds like he was a brave man who sacrificed himself for the good of others. 
 How's it going, did you know the 3 wealthiest presidents were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson Hello! I didn't know that, isn't it surprising that Donald Trump isn't one of the three wealthiest!
 Hi. Did you know that the White House has twin buildings in Ireland and France? The White House does? I did not know that! So ol' 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue isn't as unique as I thought it was! There is also a replica in Atlanta which was built as a private home.
 I never knew that ringo starr narrated some episodes of thomas the thank engine. Yes.   Funny that he was the more mild Narrator, compared to George Carlin and Alec Baldwin
 Hey how's it going? Did you hear about the police arresting the man who made threatening tweets against the football coach Jeff Brohm? Yes, I did.  If the coach wanted to stay with Boilermakers,  it was not  his business. I wonder how the police found this guy.  Do you know who this guy is?
 hi, do you watch football? Hi, do you mean american football or british football? Or Australian football? 
 Hi, how are you? Do you follow sports at all? I don't follow sports that much. I did watch the Superbowl this year, what about you?
 Hello there, do you watch much television? Not a whole lot, but I have recently watched a program about Judge Kavanaugh. Do you watch much television?
 Hello there, are you a big tv fan?  If so, what is your favorite show? I do like some tv, I like the simpsons, seinfeld, and south park, I guess they all begin with S's somehow haha, what about you?
 Hey! Seen any good TV shows lately? the expance is great i think.
 Hi, how are you this morning? Great.  I think the rhetoric of our era is very biased and unfair to Trump.  I don't think the press and celebrities should continue to complain about the election.
 Do you watch much television? Yeah, I watch some shows from time to time, you?
 Hello there, do you watch much television? I use too. I stream a lot more now due to advertisements. How about you?
 hey did you know that Trump wouldn't qualify as one of the top 3 most wealthy presidents in US history? Interesting, I suppose on an inflation adjusted basis that may be right. 
 Hi there, did you know there is a 3g internet tower at the top of Everest? wow I didn't know that, good thing people can take selfies at the top! have you ever used a hamburger button online?
 I suppose you know that there are 32 teams in the NFL? I knew there were a lot, but I don't think I knew the exact number. That makes sense though with how it's separated between the NFC and AFC
 did you know that there's a version of soccer where three teams face each other, at the same time? it's pretty cool Wild game. I would love to see that and listen to the announcers trying to keep track of everything. Do they play with more than one ball?
 I really hope Lamar Jackson does well He did pretty well in college. Winning the heisman is a big accomplishment 
 I am watching the news on television right now - do you remember when all of the tvs were black and white? I don't remember that though I do remember having one black and white tv. Interesting that before WWII the TV was not commonplace in homes.
 Are you more a fan of gridiron football or soccer? I enjoyed both. Probably soccer more. What about you?
 Hi, how are you doing this fine evening? Hi hows it going? I am good.  do you watch television?
 I couldn't live with out the internet.  Thank goodness it's even accessible from Mt. Everest, although the 3 g speed would annoy me.   For sure, I wouldnt be able to climb Mt everest without my phone! I love me some television though
 Do you listen to the radio? i used to listen to the radio. not so much now. you?
 Would you be much of a sports fan? I enjoy watching football. My favorite position is the quarterback because they are considered the leader of the offensive team.
 hi how are you? do you listen to the radio? I do like to listen to it on the way to work. How about you?
 How are you today? Great! I was just doing a little shopping online. Browsing the Amazon internet jungle... You?
 Would you like to travel up the Amazon River? I think that would be wonderful. I would love to see the indigenous people and also all the animals and plants.
 Hi, how do you feel about Amazon?  Personally I couldnt live without them. Hello, I love Amazon. I'm a prime member. What about you?
 Good morning, have you ever picked up any of the radio storms from Jupiter? They can be found sometimes on an AM station. I have not actually. I do know that there is a way to make a radio using a razorblade and a pencil as a diode.
 Hi there!  Do you still listen to the radio? In the car, the radio is on.  I have one here in the office.  I might turn it on. It is creepy thinking about radio waves and oscillating fields.
 Do you listen to the radio still? Yes, on the way to work. How about you?
 Do you like to laugh? Yes. Who doesn't like to laugh? Maybe nuns?
 What kind of comedy do you like ? I like satire.  I really like dark humor and ironic comedy
 Hello! Are you a NFL fan? Yes I am.  Did you know that they don't have any rules against women playing?
 Im tired of the mass shootings that occur in the US, it shreds families into pieces and they cause a lot of suffering I hear you. I don't know what can be done. Either the guns laws have to be changed, or police need to be posted in more places. The political situation is untenable.
 hey there my friend do you watch Fox news at all? Not a whole lot. I hear they wanted to create a channel that only played the simpsons.
 Do you like the Simpsons? I do like the Simpsons.
 hi how are you? what do you think of fox news? I think its a great channel, I get my news from that source, what are your thoughts?
 Hello, I figured JFK was one of the wealthiest presidents in american history I am not at all surprised to hear that. I feel like they are the closest thing the U.S. has had to royalty. 
 Fox News is a great channel do you watch it? I do watch it every now and then!  How about you!  Know anything interesting about it?
 hi how are you? do you use amazon? I love shopping at amazon, its a great site what about you?
 Hi! Are you a football fan? I love the NFL, even if there's only 11 minutes of live gameplay each game. Ha! Yeah, I am! Yu'd think there would be live gameplay considering how popular it is.
 Hello, do you watch the NFL? I do a lot actually. Did you know women can play too?
 HI how are you? I'm doing well. Are you a fan of Brett Farve? 
 Hi there do you watch any football? I wish I could have seen the highest scoring football game ever hello, me too. is that the 222-0 one?
 Hello!  Do you watch Netflix or Youtube.  I watch both.  It is no wonder that together they make up half of peak internet traffic in North America.   Hi there, yes I love Netflix. DO you know how it came about, the company?
 Hi turker, are you a football fan, if you are what is your favorite team? I am not a huge fan of football,  but I like the 49ers.  how about u?
 Greetings! Are you a Netflix user by any chance? I just learned that Netflix accounts for a third of all internet bandwidth between 9 p.m. and midnight. That's a lot of people streaming movies and shows! Ain't much on TV these days. Folks want quality entertainment. Youtube also sucks up tons of bandwidth.
 Hi, do you like basketball? NBA fan? Yea, out of the 30 NBA teams the Knicks are my favorite
 Good Morning! Do you like to watch sports? I do like to watch. I really like basketball. What about you?
 Hello, do you like Basketball? Yes, I am a huge fan as a matter of fact! But knowing the highest paid employee in 39 states are either college football or basketball coaches is shocking. Are you a basketball fan as well?
 hi Hey man, what's up?
 Air Force One is an amazing plane - have you ever seen it? I have, Ive seen it on picture and on some movies, it does look like a great plane, 
 Hello! Do you like to travel? Yes I do when i have the time and the money which is not often these days. You?
 Good Morning! Do you like cars?  Yes. I like cars. Cars is a motor vehicle used for transportation in roads and carry people safely.
 Are you interested in travel, cars, or the President? I do. Did you know the three wealthiest presidents in US history were JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. I find it surprising since it's not anyone recent.
 I travel when I get the chance. Do you like to travel? Yes I like to travel, I've been many places.
 Hi! Do you like sports? I really like football and to be honest, I didn't really enjoy the super bowl game, but I do like the quarterback, Tom Brady. I like some sports. I did watch the Super Bowl and it was crazy boring. I'm not a Brady fan but I respect his talent. Are you familiar with Alex Smith?
 Hello, do you like football. I love it my favorite team is the Steelers. Cool, I do too.  Don't hate me, but my favorite team is the Patriots!
 Hi. I was wondering if you like Football at all. I do, what about you? I wonder how Saquon Barkley would have done with the Browns
 Good Evening!  Do you like soccer? I really don't get into it.  I respect the sport.  I do know that the U.S. got 3rd place in the st FIFA World Cup in 1930.
 Do you remember where the 2018 Olympics took place? I do, it was held in PyeongChang.  I believe that is in China.
 Did you watch the winter Olympics Some of it. Did you know that there are no economic gains for countries that have hosted the Olympics or World Cup?
 Do you like watching sports? don't have a lot of time to do that... sometimes...
 hey my friend did you know that the guest house is actually bigger than the entire white house? I did.  that is pretty amazing.  I recently learned that the president of indonesia released  pop albums!
 Hi, how are you? hi I'm good, did you know that trump is not one of the top 3 wealthiest presidents? I would have thought he was
 There seems to be a lot of chatter about Trump being hostile to black female journalists huh? I don't really know a lot about it.  what exactly has happened
 Hi, how are you? I am fine, currently reading about interesting facts about all presidents around the world. Do you know any?
 Hi! Are you a sports fan? Football or baseball? Both.  I like basketball too.  One of the 30 NBA teams is in Canada, so the players have to pay higher taxes.
 Do you think great broadcasters are important to sports games? I don't know. I guess I don't really care because I don't watch sports haha but I know that a lot of people do think that they are very important. And they can pick them out of a crowd which I can't haha what do you think?
 Hello there, are you a fan of the NBA? I watch every now and then. I enjoy college BBall more. Less predictable. It's hard to believe that the NBA was founded in 1946.
 Hi Do you like basketball? I love basketball. My favorite player all time is Cheryl miller.
 A fan of baseball? If you're Japanese there's a good chance you're a huge fan. How come there's an association with Japanese liking baseball? I prefer other sports like football and basketball. Though even from being in Texas, I have never heard of the high school stadium that costs $60 million to build and can seat 18K people! 
 Hi! Do you like football? Yes, although the word can mean any different games.
 Did you know the visiting locker room at University of Iowa is painted pink? woah! why do you thnk that is?
 There never seems to be ANYTHING positive about Trump from the MSM.  CBS is now saying that Trump has something against babies.  This isn't journalism, it's amateur hour... I agree with you on that.  They hate him and it shows every time they open their mouth.  It's actually kind of funny to watch them.
 Hello, did you know that JFK, Wasington, and Jefferson where the the richest Presidents in American history? I did not. I thought our current one was the richest.
 Did you know the president of Indonesia has released 3 pop albums Did you know that the president of zimbabwe was called president banana?
 Do you have any thoughts on the manner in which Trump puts down those who do not agree with him? What I can tell also, meaning grow up!  He seems to use it alot in this article. I wonder if president Banana feels the same way?lol
 Its kind of crazy to think about how cars use to have wooden trunks. Now we know why their called "trunks." I didn't know that! It's surprising to see how long we've come since wooden trunks! I mean cars have rear reversing cameras, air conditioning, navigation systems, and in-car entertainment! I actually can't believe people would equip their cars with flame throwers!
 hi how are you? would you kidnap a goat? No, I dont think so lol, maybe if it was a famous goat like Bill the Goat
 Good evening there. Do you like dogs? I love them because they're truly man's best friend. That's nice. I'm more interested in the practical contributions they can make, like hunting and protection.
 Are you a fan of football?  I love football, both NFL and College! You?
 Hello, Do you watch much TV these days? Occasionally although I mostly stick with Netflix for addle tv shows. What about you?
 Football is actually a family of team sports when you consider it world wide. Sure.  Do you have a favorite football team?
 Hello! Hello. Did you hear about Bob Beattie dieing? He was 85
 hello Hi! Did you know football can also mean a lot of other things, in certain places, sports commonly called football in certain places include association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union)
 good morning to you! Hi, do you want to chat about the President, Concerts, or the Radio?
 Do you follow global news at all? I enjoy global news.  Its like a root canal... that happens to someone else.
 Do you attend many musical concerts? I have been to many concerts how about you?
 Do you listen to the radio? I used to but now not so much. When i kid i listened to baseball games and music.  These days i never do.  Speaking of radios, did you that Jupiter has radio storms so strong they can be picked up by AM radio?
 DO you like to watch television ? Yes, I do like to watch TV though I mostly watch Netflix. How about you?
 Good morning, how are you? Good morning! Did you know that in South Africa, it is legal to equip your car with flame-throwers to prevent carjacking?
 I read about a crazy woman who killed someone because the other driver was too slow. Is that the lady who got road rage simply because she wanted to make her car payment?
 Hey there. I heard that Laura Ingraham is being sued. Did you hear that yet? Yeah, I heard that Laura was very demanding and when her assistant got pregnant she was fired.
 How's it going, do you know 1886 is considered the birth year of the car? Oh wow, I didn't know that. I was recently reading a story about a horrific car accident car, Yikes
 Hello! Have you ever been to the white house? I have not. What about yourself?
 Hello, do you know much about presidents? hey I know a little bit about fdr, I guess he was the last US president to speak a foreign language fluently
 Hi There ! Looking forward to chat with You ! :) hello how are you? did u know The last us president to speak a foreign language fluently was fdr
 Hi and good evening. You like to watch tv? I think it's come a long wat, from black and white to vibrant color. Oh, I love TV. It's like having a friend you can see whenever you want, especially in the age of streaming. You can watch anything from South Park to the news.
 good morning to you! Donald Trump commuted Alice Johnson's sentence after discussion with Kim Kardashian West.
 Do you watch tv frequently? I do a little bit. How about you? I used to love that 70 show. Its one of my all time favorites.
 Hello.  I've been research politics of late. Did you know that the office of president has different powers in different countries? I did not know that, that's really interesting. 
 Do you know who Steve Bannon is? I think so. He worked for the Trump campaign didn't he? What do you know about him?
 Do you know that Trump is not the wealthiest president? Really?Who is?
 Hi there ! Looking forward to chat with You ! Same; Do you follow the NFL?
 A quarterback (commonly abbreviated "QB") is a position in American and Canadian football.  I am a huge Brady fan, he is the best QB of all time!
 Are you familiar with the NFL? Only a little. Do you follow it?
 Hi, do you like NFL football? Yes I do! I wish the season was shorter though 17 week regular season drags on!
 Hello. Did you know the NFL doesn't have a rule against women players? That's interesting. They aren't totally about equal rights, though. For example, New Orleans Saints cheerleaders aren't allowed to eat at the same restaurants as players
 Hey, good to have you on with me today! Are you a big football fan?  As a matter of fact I am, and play fantasy and watch at least a couple games per weekend. You?
 Hi there.  Do you like dancing? To watch or to actually dance because it's been a while?
 How are you? Do you watch the nfl? The Redskins recently signed Alex Smith until the 2022 season as their quarterback hi, do you watch football?
 Hi!  Do you follow football? Hello,  not really but I do watch it sometimes.  How about you?
 Hey there do you ever watch the NFL on TV? I know that I watch the Super Bowl I missed the Superbowl this year, but judging from the score didn't seem to be an outstandingly played game.  But still must be an improvement over the first playoffs in 1932.
 What do you think of Tim Tebow? Mike Francesca said playing him is a clown move. I think he might surprise some people, he might not have a good track record lately but who knows, what are your thoughts on the matter?
 Are you a fan of the Redskins? Yes, I am.  What about you?
 Do you like baseball, maybe the Mets? Yeah I do. Not so much the Mets but I think it's funny Tebow almost played on opening day for them. 
 Do you follow college football? i dont really follow college football. You?
 do you like basketball? do you like basketball?
 Do you use facebook? I do. Though I should use less of it, it's gotten very political.
 Are you a fan of facebook? I use it to keep in touch with people so I guess I'm a fan in that respect. Why would BK give free stuff to people that unfriend others?
 Hi Are you a Facebook fan? Not really.  I use it occasionally, but I do not like their privacy issues and the role it plays in the whole fake news fiasco
 hi, how are you? do you like football? Yea I watch football all the time, it's a shame Alex Smith got injured but he can always fall back on something else considering he started his master's degree before being drafted
 Such a shame to hear of the college players suicide. Very sad!!! Way too young!
 Are you a fan of football? I am - I wanted to lead the team and be a quarterback when I was growing up but I was never that good
 Hi, how are you? do you like the radio? Yea, it's pretty cool how sound is produce through electromagnetic energy waves through space
 Do you know a Bertram Snyder from Maryland? no, but it looks like he was an internist
 Do you listen to the radio? Hello,  yes I like the radio when I can listen to it.  I use pandora or audio books a lot though lol 
 Hello there.  Do you want to talk about the government? Good morning! I think I could talk about the Government and politics all day long!
 hey there, do you follow politics much? I didn't used to, but in the last three years I've gotten very interested in it. What about you?
 Good morning and thank you for chatting with me today! Do you like to listen to the radio. I find it interesting how radio's work in general. Yea I enjoy the radio from time to time, especially radio dramas
 Hello, are you interested in the President, Radio, or Government? I would say I am more interested in government.  Systems or groups of people organized in a community do something to me.
 It always saddens me to see people mistreat those who survived something as horrific as the Holocaust It's definitely sad. People and governments can often leave others without the best support.
 Do you follow politics, I think the president has a really important job. yes I agree, and I do follow it a bit, what about you?
 Hi!  Do you know much about presidential history? hi how are you? i dont know much about presidential history. please enlighten me.
 hi, do you know much about the government? Hi! I know an average amount about the government, but recently learned that the government is under intense pressure to come clean about the mistreatment of people that were invited to settle after World War II when there were labor shortages, what started those pressures anyway?
 What do you think about the new royal couple Prince Harry and Meghan Markle? I think its sort of interesting seeing that she is American and an actress. It s pretty cool.
 Hi, what is your opinion about the government? Hello,  I guess it depends on what aspect of the government you are referring to.  I read recently that Nevada is mostly owned by the government. 
 How's it going, did you know in parliamentary republics the role of president is largely ceremonial? It's going good.  I didn't know that.  I know that in authoritarian regimes, dictaror or leader of a one party state may also be callled a president.
 How do you think our president is doing? If you look at the stats and avoid the so-called news, very well...
 Are you a fan of our president? I am a fan of America and want our presidents to do well. Are you a fan of our president?
 Hello - do you follow government? I like to stay involved I am afraid ot those deaths over in Maryland and North Virignia
 Good morning.   Good morning.  Do you trust the government?
 Hello, are you interested in politics at all? Hi, Yes. I listen to a lot of political radio shows.
 Hello! How are you today? I good. Trump has done some really off the wall things. Do you like him?
 Hi, how are you? Hello there, I am well thank you, how about you?
 Hi, how are you? Good. How are you?
 Hello.  Could you imagine if our president had biker group that was almost a military arm and really supported him?  That is what the Night Wolves are in Russia as they are pro-Putin and Kremlin. That's not too surprising that Putin uses the Night Wolves as proxy enforcers, it's been happening throughout history
 hi, what do you know about the government? Hello! I think government is interesting, they can have too much power though. Did you know 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the US government?
 Do you know much about climate change?  I know a little about climate change.
 Hi, Do you listen to the radio much? Good Afternoon!  I listen to a lot of talk radio (sports/politics) while I'm at work - passes the time and keeps me informed.  You?
 I've never heard of the Windrush generation.  But hey, at least we aren't the only country that has immigration problems Yeah of course, there is so much movement around the world in terms of immigration. Do you know anything about wikileaks?
 Hi, do you listen to the radio much? Not really. When I was younger I did. You?
 Do you follow what is happening in Colombia ? I have a little bit.  The problem in South America is that all these socialist countries are realizing too late that socialism is a terrible way to govern!
 hey did you know the guest house is bigger than the white house itself Yes, I did. I am not surprised. I did not know there is only one president with a phd.
 Did you know that Wikileaks published the government's plans to destroy Wikileaks? I guess that didn't work out so well. Wow, didn't know that. Talk about spoiler alert. I heard a guy in France illegally sold the Eiffel Tower not just once, but twice.
 Hello! Are you interested in the radio? I am! I think the radio is awesome! How about you?
 Hi do you listen to the radio much? Hello, yes I do actually. Did you know Bill Murray voice the human torch in the fantastic four radio show?
 Have you ever been to Slovakia? Hello - I have not. Have you?
 Hello, How are you? Do you listen to the radio? Hello yes i sometimes listen to it,  do you?
 Do you know many facts about the government? Some here and there.  Like wikileaks published the governments plans to shut them down.  lol
 hey can you guess who the top 3 wealthiest presidents are? Hm. I'd guess JFK, Washington and Trump?
 What do you think of the Government? there sure is a lot of speculation these days Yeah a little too much actually. Not sure what goes on behind those curtains, I guess that is why wikileaks came about
 Hey there partner. Do you like learning about the government? I think it's so fascinating to learn how various policies are enforced. I do like learning about the government.
 Do you still get a chance to listen to the radio? Hello there, I do, I found a really good local station that I like, how about you?
 Are you comfortable talking about the government? Sure, I'm up for talking about anything. What do you think of our president and our govt?
 hey there, do you listen to ej radio? No, I never heard of it. Maybe someone is trying to censor it, like the Chineese government censored the word censorship.
 Hi, did you know that 86% of the land in Nevada is owned by the Government?  If they were treated like US citizens, they would be forced to sell it to pay for their massive debts. Yes, the government does own 86% of Nevada.  Not only that, but did you hear that in 2006, the US passed legislation that would protect government employees from being prosecuted for violating the Geneva Convention?
 Hey how are you, what do you think about Trump? I have mixed feelings, I think he can do better in some aspects, how about you?
 I am glad that the Government is back for the next three weeks. Me too, its a relief, hope things can settle now, did you hear the news about Alan Diaz?
 hey there what do you think of our government and constitution I think that like everything, there is good and bad to it.  The bad for example, I find it odd that the US government owns 86% of Nevada.  
 Hello do you follow politics at all? A little, what would you like to start with?
 hi did you know the president guest house is bigger than the white house? No that's really wild. I wonder why that is? Did you know that the president of Zimbabwe is named President banana haha
 How are you today? I am good but very frustrated at Jeff Sessions defending the child separation at the border.
 Did you pay much attention to all the news about Prince Harry and Meghan Markle? Not much, I cut off my tv last year but I see them on website headlines from time to time.
 hey did you know the university of iowa painted the rival team's locker room pink? haha I guess it's meant to psych out the opposition. How many home games have they won though? Talent wins.
 Hello, do you have a favorite football quarterback? yes my favorite football qb is Aaron Rodgers.
 Hi do you like to dance? Even babies spontaneously dance when music is played for them. Yes! I am not a big dancer. I think that as we age, we lose a lot of our childlike joy in things.
 Radford hit a crazy final shot to get into the NCAA tournament agree, do you watch NCAA men's basketball tournament?
 Hi, I am a huge football fan. We love the Packers. How about you? Hello, I watch some football, im not a huge fan.  I like the niners.  Did you know that in the 60's top bowlers made almost twice as much as football players?
 When I think of football, I think of American gridiron football.  What do you think of? I think its a great sport, I like it and find it really engaging, do you have like a favorite team?
 Hi do you watch the NFL? I sure do . DO you have a favorite position in the game?
 Hello.  Do you like football? Are ready for the super bowl?  I hope we have a good game like the football game that occurred in 1916 when the score was 222-0.  Georgia tech vs. Cumberland.  I am ready and really exited, my team is playing so I am really looking forward to it, and that would be really unusual
 hi how are you doing today? do you like sports? I like sports, I like all forms of football, even Canadian football. 
 Did you hear about the Oklahoma quarterback and the Heisman Trophy he won? Yes.  It was Kyler Murray from Oklahoma?
 Hi how are you today? I guess the family has been a sporting family, and not just in Football
 hey there can you guess the 3 richest presidents in history? I can they are jfk, washington, and jefferson. Did you know that until 1805 in the U.S. the runner up in a presidential election became the vice president.
 Hey how's it going? What are your thoughts on the Trump administration so far? He definitely may go down as one of the wealthiest. The top 3 wealthiest are JFK, Washington, and Jefferson. It is hard for me to imagine any president to be richer than Trump, but I guess adjusted for inflation, Washington and Jefferson are right up there
 Are you a fan of Trump? Hi! I certainly can't believe he isn't one of the three wealthiest presidents of all time as that was Jefferson, Washington and JFK. What about you?
 Do you know much about the president or have any interesting facts? I know the top three wealthiest presidents were Washington, Jefferson and JFK. 
 Hi, do you know much about presidents? No not really, I dont follow politics much, do you have any cool facts you would like to share with me?
 Did you know that John F. Kennedy was the wealthiest president? Yeah along with Jefferson and Washington, well taking into account inflation
 Do you like the brand Nike? I do. There was a big stand against them with the football player Colin Kaepernick. Do you?
 Hi, how are you doing? Do you like to watch football on the TV? Of course I do, yeah, what about you?
 Do you own a car? Yup I own a car and I love it. Helps me get from point a to point B. Hard to believe cars didn't always exist.
 Hello, do you own a car? I've had one for a couple years.
 Hi there!  Do you use the internet a lot? Haha-only just about all day every day.
 Do you listen to the radio? Yes, I love the old radio classics.How about you?
 hey do you know anything about the radio? Hello, I know I like it! Have you heard of the Bobby Bones show?
 Good morning! Do you listen to the radio? Good morning! I do listen to the radio very frequently!
 Hey there do you ever listen to the radio? Like on your way to work or something, that's the only time when I do it Yeah I usually listen when I'm cleaning the house. 
 HI, do you follow Amber Wyatt story not really, who is she ?
 Good morning! Do you follow the news? I try to follow as much as I can, sometimes it's way too depressing. How about you?
 Hello It is so funny to know that  first president of zimbabwe was called president banana
 Earth is the third from the sun in the solar system. Earth perform two activity rotation on its own axis and revolution around the sun. Earth is very interesting. Were you also aware that 71% of the surface is water?
 Hey there! Do you know who Kim Jong Un is? I do, he and Trump have been all over the news because of their meeting.
 Hi how are you doing?  This is a super funny fact: The first president of zimbabwe was called president banana That is funny. Isn't it amazing how people rate President Trump? One man characterizes it as short term pain for long term gain with the tariffs.
 Hey did you hear about President Trump's recent rally in Wilkes Barre Pennsylvania I did not, I'm surprised people are liking his Twitter, it's just full of hate and lies.
 Hello.  Do you watch football?  I recently learned that the NFL has no rules against women playing. I do watch football. That's interesting! Who's your favorite team?
 Hi there!  Do you know many presidential facts? I know a few, Woodrow Wilson is the only president to have a PHD.
 Hello,  did you know the president of indonesia released 3 pop albums while president?  Thats pretty crazy.   that is crazy, do you think Trump would do that? He would probably do a duet with Kanye since theyre friends haha
 Hello. How are you doing. Hello there, well thank you, I hope you are too.  Do you use facebook?
 Hey there what do you think about the President? Also have you ever visited the White House? Well I don't really follow politics and no, I have not visited the white house. I would like to see it and the guest house which is bigger than the white house.
 Hi! Did you know that the first president of Zimbabwe, was called "President Banana"? Funny, I wonder how he/she got that name?  Did you know there is missing journalist in Turkey?
 How are you today? Do you listen to the radio? I do! Do you?
 hi, do you listen to the radio? I prefer to listen to music online. speaking of which, there is a website where you can listen to thousands of episodes of classic radio dramas for free.
 do you know much about presidents? I know some stuff. Do you know who the wealthiest three in the US are?
 Before Trump, had you ever heard of Breitbart News? No, I hadn't, I'm guessing you hadn't either?  It sounds like a news site devoted to politics?
 A 90 day suspension isn't as harsh a punishment as some of those people have been getting. Yeah, it does seem to soft for such a respected News Paper 
 Hello! Do you like entertainment like movies and music? Yes I love those forms of entertainment. I love how it gives audiences pleasure and delight!
 Hi there, do you watch football? I sometimes watch it. I didn't get a chance to watch the SB this year. You?
 do you like the NFL? I do. Do you know who Kellan Moore is?
 Hi, how are you? Good, how about you? Do you watch much football?
 Hello, are you particularly a fan of football? I am, How are you? Do you like football?
 Did you know that Tom Brady was a backup quarterback for his high school team and the team lost every game and did not play him at all? Really? I did not know that.  What a cool fact knowing what he has accomplished now. 
 Hi, did you ever play with a Nintendo? I did love my Nintendo - I have not played on it in years tho.
 Do you watch NFL games? Yes, out of all 32 teams my favorite is the Giants. Do you watch football too?
 Did you happen to watch the NFL Pro Bowl? Hello there, I didn't watch this year's but I have in the past.  How about you?
 Hi, do you like the NFL? I love it. Watch it every week during the season. Im a Steelers fan.
 Hello - what do you like to do for entertainment? Hi yes I love entertainment! I like the NFL it's as good entertainment as it gets! The NFL has no written rule against girls playing!
 Hello, How are you? Do you enjoy football? I'm doing very well. Thanks. I do enjoy football a lot. Who is your favorite team?
 good morning. How are you. Fine. What about you ?
 Do you still listen to the radio. I don't as much as I used to.  Hi, same here. I sometimes listen through the radio when I am in the car. Now I am curious to listen to some unusual programs like one that is Broadcasted in Latin! Have you ever heard about that?
 Do you by chance follow Barbara Alston? Did you like her music? I haven't ever heard any of her songs, but I know of her. What about you?
 Did you hear about Barbara Alston died recently, she was 74 I am actually not sure who she is?  Was she an actress?  I was just reading about the fact that after WWII an improved version of black and white became popular.  
 Good afternoon! Do you have a favorite TV show? Hello there, I do, I really like the Simpsons, how about you?
 Hello, do you like cars? Yes I like cars, but I really like race cars.
 Hi, how are you? I'm doing well, thanks. I've been watching TV today, or "telly" as some like to call it. Are you a TV watcher?
 hi, how are you? do you listen to the radio? About 45 minutes on my commute, you?
 Did you hear about that police officer that got sentenced to 15 years in prison Yea, what kind of abuse of power is this?
 hi, do you watch tv? Yes. I'm watching TV now. 
 Hello - how are you doing today? I'm good thanks and you?
 Do you watch any television shows? I watch quite a bit of murder mysteries on hallmark. What about you?
 I think we should stop publicizing mass killers. That is what they want. Hello, I completely agree. They shouldn't gain fame over destroying the lives of others. The families are forced to relive it over and over again.
 Do you like McDonalds?  not really but i know they invented the drive thru
 I really like that McDonalds added drive thru's for soldiers!  That is cool. I do wonder if that was the very first drive-through. 
 Do you ever watch The Bachelorette? No never! Anything interesting about it.
 Hello, do you like football? I watch it every now and then, this latest Superbowl was very boring though.
 Did you realize Kim Jong Un  was born in 1983? I did not, he's only one year older than me. One month, and one year to be precise.
 Hello.  Do watch any NFL games? Yes, I'm a Chiefs fan.  I was surprised that the NFL has no rules against women playing.  Go girls!
 Hello, do you watch the NFL? Hi I sure do. Did you know women can play too?
 Hi  Hi there. Are you a sports fan? 
 Hi there, are you a football fan? I was a big fan, age and other concerns have made me stop and you? I was reading about Adrian Peterson.
 What's your favorite thing to watch on TV? I really like comedy shows. I enjoy reality shows.  Did you ever watch Thomas the Tank Engine?  I saw that Ringo Starr, George Carlin, and Alec Baldwin have narrated 
 Have you heard about singer Mai Khoi? Is she that Vietnamese pop star that only performs in secret?  I just read an article about her.
 Have you heard of Do Nguyen Mai Khoi? No, who is he?
 hey there what is your favorite music album? I enjoy listening to most albums such as the dark side of the moon or Frank sinatra's hits like fly me to the moon
 Do you follow football at all these days? Hello there, I do like to follow football, my team didn't make the playoffs this year so that was sad.  How about you?
 Man, that Deshaun Watson can run.  Reminds me of Michael Vick. He is with the Dallas Cowboys, isn't he?
 do you watch the NFL? I do. Do you like Brady?
 Hi, how are you doing this evening? Good, just been doing some reading for fun. I typically read novels, which when they spread in the 18th century, caused a "moral panic"
 I was sorry to hear in the news recently that C. Payne Lucas has passed away. Yea, bit she was 85 and had a pretty productive life
 Hey! How are you doing? I find it funny that the first President of Zimbabwe was called President Banana!  Hi! That is funny!  I wonder if banana has a different meaning in their language.  Say, did you know that fdr was the last of our presidents that can speak a foreign language?
 Do you watch any television? I do enjoy watching television. What about you?
 I like watching the NFL - football is the best of the 4 major professional sports. I agree. It's much more interesting than basketball or baseball. 
 Hello do you like football? I do, its actually one of my favorite sports, do you like it?
 Would you be much of a football fan, or interested in the Eagles? Yes, I am a football fan, like the Eagles and wished they have made it to the superbowl.
 Hello, How are you? Do you like dogs? I love dogs, you know who else likes dogs, google!
 What do you think about Malcolm Perry? Do you think he has a good future in the Navy? I'm not sure who he is, is he a football player?
 The Navy's player Malcolm Perry is looking good! He cant stop moving those feet of his. Right? He definitely seems ready for the new season to show what he's got
 How's it going, did you know Tom Brady's jv team never started him despite not winning a game? That's incredible. I guess that's why the coach is a JV coach.
 Hi!  Are you a fan of sports? I love watching football and basketball,  but not so much Tom Brady.  I find it funny his high school team never even allowed him to play.
 Do you like the NFL? I am. I'm a big fan of sports and sports trivia, in general.
 Hey! Eli Manning just had a birthday earlier this month. He turned 38 and my guess is, has more cash than everyone I know will ever see. (!) I know! And he was not even the best manning!
 Hi there, would you happen to be a football fan? I'm a big NFL fan!
 I do not appreciate the Redskins  effort against the Giants . It got worse  Which teams do you expect to win the Superbowl?
 Do you follow the NFL?  What do you think about their loss to the Giants? I do watch the NFL. The NFC east is really competitive. It could have gone either way...
 Hey there my friend you ever watch football on television? I do not follow football but I do watch it occassionally. 
 Hi, how are you? Hello Im great Im happy because my favorite team won the Superbowl on the weekend! so happy indeed.
 Do you follow the NFL? I don't really watch it much, how about you?
 Good morning! How are you today? hi how are you? I'm good
 do you like football? I sure do. Snoop Dogg once wrote a song for his son's team
 How much do you know about american football? nothing at all!
 Hello!  Hello, happy new years!
 Hello Good morning.  Football huh?  Was interesting to see that Women could be in the league if they met league eligibility.
 Hi there. Do you like the Packers? It is the 3rd oldest franchise in the NFL. Hi! I love the Packers, actually! But I don't love how the waiting list for season tickets exceeds 100k names and nearly 30 years! That is just ridiculous!
 What do you think about the NFL week 5 tips? I don't follow the NFL usually until around the playoffs. Are you a fan?
 Hey did you ever watch the XFL back in the day? It was the one created by Vince McMahon I think I never saw that one.  I only watched the regular NFL
 do you like wrestling? Not really but I hear a wrestler has the biggest muscled hands in the world 
 So, you familiar at all with wrestling?  I used to watch it regularly (that is, TV wrestling) years ago, but haven't seen it in awhile.  Did you know Abraham Lincoln is in the wrestling hall of fame because he only lost once out of 300 matches?  I find that amazing! It is surprising to say the least.  I used to sell coca-cola at pro wrestling matches when I was 12.  Of course it was fake.  Wrestling can be entertainment or true competition.
 Do you like wrestling? I'm not a huge fan of it, but part of it is due to that I don't understand all the logistics. What about you?
 Are you a football fan? I watch football every now and then, but I think the XFL is just a bad idea, regular football players are injured enough without adding "extreme" stuff to it.
 Do you like the NFL? Yes I like the NFL, what do you think about the Redskins mascot though? You think it's racist?
 Hi there.  I guess I will learn a bit about wrestling So with the XFL, do you know much about that, it's new to me.
 Have you heard of xfl? I have. I watched it in 2001
 Hi, how are you? I am well thank you. Do you enjoy the NFL by any  chance?
 So do you watch much football?  I enjoy watching NFL from time to time.  They have 32 teams. I do like the NFL.  My favorite team is one of the AFC teams, the Baltimore Ravens.
 Hello, have you heard of the Redskins before? hi how are you? the redskins? a football team?
 hi how are you? what do you think of the game of chess? I think it is a really complex game. There are more moves in chess than atoms in the universe
 Are you a Patriots fan or a fan of Trump? I'm more of a Patriots fan than a fan of Donald Trump. 
 Do you follow the Patriots? Good morning!  I follow the NFL very closely.  I am sick of the Patriots!  Hard to believe they were once lovable underdogs this century!
 Did you see the Patriots win the Superbowl? yes did you know that at one point in 2001 they were the underdogs - the game now is amazing
 Hey there do you like the New England Patriots? And what do you think about Tom Brady? I don't really care for the Patriots. Nor for Tom Brady. What do you think?
 Are you on Facebook? Used to be, but I got fed up with their shenanigans. How long have you been on? Since early days?
 Hi, how are you doing today? Great and yourself?
 Good morning, are you a football fan? Hi there. I really don't enjoy it, but I went to a big football college in the SEC, so I'm familiar enough haha.
 Good Afternoon! Hi there.  I just learned that a wealthy board member of the University of Virginia wanted to sponsor a shoe shopping day for female staff and some women were offended.  Virginia just cannot get a break.
 Hi!  Do you know a lot about shoes? A decent amount.  What about you?  Do you have a shoe preference?
 I love shoes, in fact I have a collection of them Nice, are they as good as the 5000 years old ones?
 Hello there, do you watch much television? I love tv. How about you. Whats your favorite show.
 Good Morning! Good morning. How are you? So did you get a chance to watch the winter olympics at all last year?
 Do you watch television at all?  I do. I like comedies, how about you? 
 Do you watch a lot of TV? I do! I love game shows and sitcoms, but I am also a big fan of some cartoons.
 Hi, how are you? Well thank you. Do you enjoy any sports?
 Are you a fan of football by any chance? Yes I actually am, I am a fan of the Patriots, what about you?
 hi, how are you doing? i'm fine. how about yourself?
 i'm fine. how about yourself? i'm pretty good. thanks for asking.
 i'm pretty good. thanks for asking. no problem. so how have you been?
 no problem. so how have you been? i've been great. what about you?
 i've been great. what about you? i've been good. i'm in school right now.
 i've been good. i'm in school right now. what school do you go to?
 what school do you go to? i go to pcc.
 i go to pcc. do you like it there?
 do you like it there? it's okay. it's a really big campus.
 it's okay. it's a really big campus. good luck with school.
 good luck with school. thank you very much.
 how's it going? i'm doing well. how about you?
 i'm doing well. how about you? never better, thanks.
 never better, thanks. so how have you been lately?
 so how have you been lately? i've actually been pretty good. you?
 i've actually been pretty good. you? i'm actually in school right now.
 i'm actually in school right now. which school do you attend?
 which school do you attend? i'm attending pcc right now.
 i'm attending pcc right now. are you enjoying it there?
 are you enjoying it there? it's not bad. there are a lot of people there.
 it's not bad. there are a lot of people there. good luck with that.
 good luck with that. thanks.
 how are you doing today? i'm doing great. what about you?
 i'm doing great. what about you? i'm absolutely lovely, thank you.
 i'm absolutely lovely, thank you. everything's been good with you?
 everything's been good with you? i haven't been better. how about yourself?
 i haven't been better. how about yourself? i started school recently.
 i started school recently. where are you going to school?
 where are you going to school? i'm going to pcc.
 i'm going to pcc. how do you like it so far?
 how do you like it so far? i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now.
 i like it so far. my classes are pretty good right now. i wish you luck.
 it's an ugly day today. i know. i think it may rain.
 i know. i think it may rain. it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today.
 it's the middle of summer, it shouldn't rain today. that would be weird.
 that would be weird. yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside.
 yeah, especially since it's ninety degrees outside. i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside.
 i know, it would be horrible if it rained and it was hot outside. yes, it would be.
 yes, it would be.  i really wish it wasn't so hot every day.
 i really wish it wasn't so hot every day.  me too. i can't wait until winter.
 me too. i can't wait until winter. i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold.
 i like winter too, but sometimes it gets too cold. i'd rather be cold than hot.
 i'd rather be cold than hot. me too.
 it doesn't look very nice outside today. you're right. i think it's going to rain later.
 you're right. i think it's going to rain later. in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining.
 in the middle of the summer, it shouldn't be raining. that wouldn't seem right.
 that wouldn't seem right. considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird.
 considering that it's over ninety degrees outside, that would be weird. exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot.
 exactly, it wouldn't be nice if it started raining. it's too hot. i know, you're absolutely right.
 i know, you're absolutely right. i wish it would cool off one day.
 i wish it would cool off one day. that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon.
 that's how i feel, i want winter to come soon. i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes.
 i enjoy the winter, but it gets really cold sometimes. i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot.
 i know what you mean, but i'd rather be cold than hot. that's exactly how i feel.
 i wish it was a nicer day today. that is true. i hope it doesn't rain.
 that is true. i hope it doesn't rain. it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer.
 it wouldn't rain in the middle of the summer. it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now.
 it wouldn't seem right if it started raining right now. it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather.
 it would be weird if it started raining in ninety degree weather. any rain right now would be pointless.
 any rain right now would be pointless. that's right, it really would be.
 that's right, it really would be. i want it to cool down some.
 i want it to cool down some. i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter.
 i know what you mean, i can't wait until it's winter. winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though.
 winter is great. i wish it didn't get so cold sometimes though. i would rather deal with the winter than the summer.
 it's such a nice day. yes, it is.
 yes, it is. it looks like it may rain soon.
 it looks like it may rain soon. yes, and i hope that it does.
 yes, and i hope that it does. why is that?
 why is that? i really love how rain clears the air.
 i really love how rain clears the air. me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains.
 me too. it always smells so fresh after it rains. yes, but i love the night air after it rains.
 yes, but i love the night air after it rains. really? why is it?
 really? why is it? because you can see the stars perfectly.
 because you can see the stars perfectly. i really hope it rains today.
 i really hope it rains today. yeah, me too.
 isn't it a nice day? it really is.
 it really is. it seems that it may rain today.
 it seems that it may rain today. hopefully it will.
 hopefully it will. how come?
 how come? i like how clear the sky gets after it rains.
 i like how clear the sky gets after it rains. i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains.
 i feel the same way. it smells so good after it rains. i especially love the night air when it rains.
 i especially love the night air when it rains. really? why?
 really? why? the stars look so much closer after it rains.
 the stars look so much closer after it rains. i really want it to rain today.
 i really want it to rain today. yeah, so do i.
 don't you think it's nice out? yes, i think so too.
 yes, i think so too. i think that it's going to rain.
 i think that it's going to rain. i hope that it does rain.
 i hope that it does rain. you like the rain?
 you like the rain? the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it.
 the sky looks so clean after it rains. i love it. i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner.
 i understand. rain does make it smell cleaner. i love most how it is at night after it rains.
 i love most how it is at night after it rains. how come?
 how come? you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains.
 you can see the stars so much more clearly after it rains. i would love for it to rain today.
 i really want to go to the beach this weekend. that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like?
 that sounds like fun. what's the weather going to be like? i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend.
 i heard that it's going to be warm this weekend. is it going to be perfect beach weather?
 is it going to be perfect beach weather? i believe so.
 i believe so. good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend.
 good. i hope it doesn't cool off this weekend. i know. i really want to go to the beach.
 i know. i really want to go to the beach. but you know that california weather is really unpredictable.
 but you know that california weather is really unpredictable. you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold.
 you're right. one minute it's hot, and then the next minute it's cold. i really wish the weather would just stay the same.
 i really wish the weather would just stay the same. i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time.
 i do too. that way we can have our activities planned ahead of time. yeah, that would make things a lot easier.
 i would like to take a trip to the beach this weekend. a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be?
 a trip to the beach would be fun. how is the weather going to be? the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend.
 the forecast says that it will be warm on the weekend. so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach?
 so do you think it'll be perfect weather for the beach? it sounds like it will be.
 it sounds like it will be. i really hope it doesn't get cold.
 i really hope it doesn't get cold. that would ruin things, i want to go so badly.
 that would ruin things, i want to go so badly. the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know.
 the weather in california is unpredictable, so you never know. that is true. the weather is constantly changing.
 that is true. the weather is constantly changing. it would be nice if the weather would never change.
 it would be nice if the weather would never change. that would be great, then we could plan things sooner.
 that would be great, then we could plan things sooner. true. predictable weather would make life easier.
 it would be nice to go to the beach sometime this weekend. what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too.
 what's the weather going to be like? i may want to go too. the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm.
 the weather this weekend is supposed to be warm. will it be good beach weather?
 will it be good beach weather? i think it will be.
 i think it will be. it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend.
 it wouldn't be good if it got cold this weekend. i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm.
 i want this trip to be perfect, i hope it stays warm. this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen.
 this california weather is so uncertain, it's impossible to know what'll happen. i know. every day the weather seems different.
 i know. every day the weather seems different. i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable.
 i would love it if it wasn't always so unpredictable. that would make it easier for us to make plans.
 hello, may i speak to alice please? this is she. how's it going?
 this is she. how's it going? i've been trying to call you all day.
 i've been trying to call you all day. sorry about that. i was cleaning up.
 sorry about that. i was cleaning up. it's okay.
 it's okay. so what were you calling me about?
 so what were you calling me about? oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow.
 oh, i just wanted to see if you wanted to hang out tomorrow. sure, what did you want to do?
 sure, what did you want to do? maybe we can go see a movie or something.
 maybe we can go see a movie or something. that sounds like fun. let's do it.
 that sounds like fun. let's do it. i'll see you tomorrow then.
 i'll see you tomorrow then. see you then. goodbye.
 hi, how are you. is alice there? speaking. what's up?
 speaking. what's up? why haven't you answered the phone?
 why haven't you answered the phone? my bad, i had chores to do.
 my bad, i had chores to do. that's all right.
 that's all right. what was the reason for your call?
 what was the reason for your call? i want to do something tomorrow with you.
 i want to do something tomorrow with you. sounds good. what did you have in mind?
 sounds good. what did you have in mind? i was thinking about seeing a movie.
 i was thinking about seeing a movie. okay, let's go see a movie.
 okay, let's go see a movie. until then.
 until then. talk to you later.
 is alice available? you're talking to her.
 you're talking to her. i've called you a hundred times today.
 i've called you a hundred times today. i was busy doing something. i apologize.
 i was busy doing something. i apologize. no problem.
 no problem. did you need something?
 did you need something? do you want to do something tomorrow?
 do you want to do something tomorrow? is there somewhere special you wanted to go?
 is there somewhere special you wanted to go? how about a movie?
 how about a movie? a movie sounds good.
 a movie sounds good. call me tomorrow then.
 have you seen the new girl in school? no, i haven't.
 no, i haven't. she's really pretty.
 she's really pretty. describe her to me.
 describe her to me. she's not too tall.
 she's not too tall. well, how tall is she?
 well, how tall is she? she's about five feet even.
 she's about five feet even. what does she look like, though?
 what does she look like, though? she has pretty light brown eyes.
 she has pretty light brown eyes. i may know which girl you're talking about.
 i may know which girl you're talking about. so you have seen her around?
 so you have seen her around? yes, i have.
 there's a new girl in school, have you seen her yet? i haven't seen her yet.
 i haven't seen her yet. i think that she is very pretty.
 i think that she is very pretty. tell me how she looks.
 tell me how she looks. she's kind of short.
 she's kind of short. what height is she?
 what height is she? she's probably about five feet.
 she's probably about five feet. that's nice, but tell me what she looks like.
 that's nice, but tell me what she looks like. the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes.
 the first thing i noticed was her beautiful brown eyes. i think i might've bumped into her before.
 i think i might've bumped into her before. are you telling me that you've seen her before?
 are you telling me that you've seen her before? i believe so.
 have you met the new girl? no. have you?
 no. have you? she's one of the prettiest girls at the school.
 she's one of the prettiest girls at the school. what does she look like?
 what does she look like? well, she's quite short.
 well, she's quite short. how tall would you say that she is?
 how tall would you say that she is? i would say she's only five feet.
 i would say she's only five feet. what about her facial features?
 what about her facial features? she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful.
 she has light brown eyes, absolutely beautiful. i think i know who you're talking about.
 i think i know who you're talking about. have you seen her?
 why weren't you at school yesterday? i wasn't really feeling well.
 i wasn't really feeling well. what was wrong with you?
 what was wrong with you? my stomach was upset.
 my stomach was upset. do you feel better now?
 do you feel better now? i don't really feel too well yet.
 i don't really feel too well yet. do you want anything to make you feel better?
 do you want anything to make you feel better? no, thanks. i already took some medicine.
 no, thanks. i already took some medicine. i hope you feel better.
 i hope you feel better. thank you.
 what reason do you have for missing school? i was sick.
 i was sick. how were you sick?
 how were you sick? i had a stomachache.
 i had a stomachache. did it get any better?
 did it get any better? i'm still feeling under the weather.
 i'm still feeling under the weather. would you like anything for your stomach?
 would you like anything for your stomach? i took something earlier.
 i took something earlier. get better.
 get better. thanks a lot.
 why didn't you go to school yesterday? i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well.
 i stayed home because i wasn't feeling well. what was your problem?
 what was your problem? my stomach was bothering me.
 my stomach was bothering me. are you feeling any better?
 are you feeling any better? i'm still feeling a little sick.
 i'm still feeling a little sick. i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol?
 i'm going to the store, would you like any pepto bismol? that's okay.
 that's okay. i hope you feel better.
 did you hear the good news? no, i haven't.
 no, i haven't. i got a promotion at my job.
 i got a promotion at my job. did you really?
 did you really? seriously, i am so excited.
 seriously, i am so excited. well, congratulations.
 well, congratulations. thank you.
 thank you. i'm so happy for you.
 i'm so happy for you. really?
 really? yes. you really deserved this.
 yes. you really deserved this. you think so?
 you think so? yes. good for you.
 have you heard my good news? you haven't told me anything yet.
 you haven't told me anything yet. i got a promotion at work earlier this week.
 i got a promotion at work earlier this week. is that right?
 is that right? it's the truth. i am really happy.
 it's the truth. i am really happy. congratulations on your promotion.
 congratulations on your promotion. thank you very much.
 thank you very much. i am really excited for you.
 i am really excited for you. are you really?
 are you really? i'm serious. you deserved this promotion.
 i'm serious. you deserved this promotion. is that what you really think?
 is that what you really think? yes, i do.
 i haven't told you what happened yet, have i? i haven't heard anything.
 i haven't heard anything. my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it.
 my boss offered me a promotion, and i took it. are you serious?
 are you serious? yes, i am really excited.
 yes, i am really excited. that's great. congratulations.
 that's great. congratulations. i appreciate that.
 i appreciate that. you have no idea how happy i am for you.
 you have no idea how happy i am for you. for real?
 you look really nice today.  thank you. i just got this outfit the other day.
 thank you. i just got this outfit the other day. really, where did you get it?
 really, where did you get it? i got it from macy's.
 i got it from macy's. it's really nice.
 it's really nice. thanks again. you look nice today, too.
 thanks again. you look nice today, too. thank you. i just got these shoes today.
 thank you. i just got these shoes today. really? what kind of shoes are they?
 really? what kind of shoes are they? these are called all star chuck taylors.
 these are called all star chuck taylors. i really like those. how much did they cost?
 i really like those. how much did they cost? they were about forty dollars.
 they were about forty dollars. i think i'm going to go buy myself a pair.
 i absolutely love what you're wearing today. you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago.
 you do? i just bought this outfit a couple days ago. seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from?
 seriously, it looks really nice on you. where did you buy it from? i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall.
 i bought it from the macy's at the santa anita mall. i really like that outfit.
 i really like that outfit. thanks. i think you look nice today, too.
 thanks. i think you look nice today, too. thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today.
 thank you. i just bought these new shoes earlier today. those are nice. what are they?
 those are nice. what are they? these are some chucks.
 these are some chucks. those are great. how much were they?
 those are great. how much were they? i got them for forty.
 i got them for forty. i think i might go and find me my own pair of chucks.
 i think that you look very cute today. is that right? this is a brand new outfit.
 is that right? this is a brand new outfit. what store did you get it from?
 what store did you get it from? i went to macy's and picked it out.
 i went to macy's and picked it out. i love your outfit right now.
 i love your outfit right now. well, i think you look nice today too.
 well, i think you look nice today too. thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store.
 thanks. i found these new shoes earlier at the store. i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they?
 i think that those are some really nice shoes. what kind are they? these are chucks.
 these are chucks. your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for?
 your shoes look really nice. how much did you get them for? they only cost me about forty dollars.
 tell me, what do you enjoy doing in your spare time? i enjoy drawing and painting.
 i enjoy drawing and painting. you know how to draw and paint?
 you know how to draw and paint? yes, i do.
 yes, i do. when did you learn how to do that?
 when did you learn how to do that? i learned back in high school.
 i learned back in high school. oh, so you took an art class?
 oh, so you took an art class? yeah, i loved that class.
 yeah, i loved that class. i see that you're pretty talented.
 i see that you're pretty talented. thank you very much.
 thank you very much. i wish i had a talent like that.
 i wish i had a talent like that. i'm sure you have a talent. it's just hidden.
 what kinds of things do you like to do? i've always liked to draw and paint.
 i've always liked to draw and paint. i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint.
 i didn't know you knew how to draw and paint. i do it every once in a while.
 i do it every once in a while. how long have you known how to do that?
 how long have you known how to do that? i first learned how to do it in high school.
 i first learned how to do it in high school. did you take some sort of art class or something?
 did you take some sort of art class or something? that was my favorite class.
 that was my favorite class. you have got to be talented.
 you have got to be talented. thanks.
 thanks. if only i was talented.
 if only i was talented. you have a talent. you just don't know what it is yet.
 are there any hobbies you do? when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint.
 when i have time, i sometimes draw and paint. oh, you actually do that?
 oh, you actually do that? every so often, i do.
 every so often, i do. did you always know how to draw and paint?
 did you always know how to draw and paint? i was taught in high school how to draw and paint.
 i was taught in high school how to draw and paint. you had an art class?
 you had an art class? exactly, it was my favorite class.
 exactly, it was my favorite class. well, it's good that you're so talented.
 well, it's good that you're so talented. i appreciate that.
 i appreciate that. talent is a great thing, i wish i had one.
 what's your favorite movie? my favorite movie is superbad.
 my favorite movie is superbad. oh, why is that?
 oh, why is that? it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen.
 it's the funniest movie that i've ever seen. that's true. it is a very funny movie.
 that's true. it is a very funny movie. you've seen it before?
 you've seen it before?  yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters.
 yes, i saw that movie the first day it came out in theaters. didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did.
 didn't you laugh through the whole movie? i did. me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes.
 me too. that movie brought tears to my eyes. mine too.
 mine too. i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it.
 i have it on dvd at my house if you want to come over and watch it. sure, let's go.
 which movie is your favorite to watch? i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad.
 i have to say, my favorite movie is superbad. is that right? why?
 is that right? why? honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time.
 honestly, it is one of the funniest movies i've seen in a long time. you're right. that movie is hilarious.
 you're right. that movie is hilarious. i didn't think you saw that movie.
 i didn't think you saw that movie. i went to see it the day it came out.
 i went to see it the day it came out. i was laughing through the whole movie.
 i was laughing through the whole movie. i couldn't help laughing, either.
 i couldn't help laughing, either.  same here.
 same here. i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it?
 i bought the movie. would you like to come to my house and watch it? of course.
 out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite? i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever.
 i'm going to have to say that superbad is the best movie ever. you think so, how come?
 you think so, how come? well, superbad is super funny.
 well, superbad is super funny. you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious.
 you're not lying, i found that movie absolutely hilarious. i didn't know that you saw superbad before.
 i didn't know that you saw superbad before. i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out.
 i made sure to be in line to see it the first day it came out. i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie.
 i couldn't keep from laughing throughout the whole movie. i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards.
 i was laughing hysterically the whole time; my stomach muscles hurt afterwards. that's exactly how i felt.
 that's exactly how i felt. i got the movie when it came out on dvd, do you want to come over?
 what type of music do you like to listen to? i like listening to different kinds of music.
 i like listening to different kinds of music. like what, for instance?
 like what, for instance? i enjoy rock and r&b.
 i enjoy rock and r&b. why is that?
 why is that? i like the different instruments that they use.
 i like the different instruments that they use. that's a good reason to like something.
 that's a good reason to like something. yeah, i think so too.
 what kind of music do you enjoy listening to? i enjoy listening to all kinds of music.
 i enjoy listening to all kinds of music. what kind?
 what kind? i like to listen to rock and r&b.
 i like to listen to rock and r&b. why do you like that type of music?
 why do you like that type of music? i like the kinds of instruments that they use.
 i like the kinds of instruments that they use. i think that's an excellent reason to like something.
 i think that's an excellent reason to like something. thanks, i feel the same way.
 what is your favorite kind of music? i listen to various types of music.
 i listen to various types of music. what genres?
 what genres? i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b.
 i enjoy listening to both rock and r&b. what interests you in that type of music?
 what interests you in that type of music? i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use.
 i enjoy the different types of instruments that they use. that is a perfect reason to like a certain kind of music.
 did you go to the basketball game on friday? no, i couldn't make it.
 no, i couldn't make it. you missed a really good game.
 you missed a really good game. oh, really? who won?
 oh, really? who won? our school did. they played really well.
 our school did. they played really well. too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go.
 too bad i was busy. i really wanted to go. yeah, you should have. it was really exciting.
 yeah, you should have. it was really exciting. so what was the score?
 so what was the score? the score was 101-98.
 the score was 101-98. man, that was a really close game.
 man, that was a really close game. that's what made it so great.
 that's what made it so great. i'll make sure and make it to the next one.
 were you able to attend friday night's basketball game? i was unable to make it.
 i was unable to make it. you should have been there. it was intense.
 you should have been there. it was intense. is that right. who ended up winning?
 is that right. who ended up winning? our team was victorious.
 our team was victorious. i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go.
 i wish i was free that night. i'm kind of mad that i didn't go. it was a great game.
 it was a great game. what was the score at the end of the game?
 what was the score at the end of the game? our team won 101-98.
 our team won 101-98. sounds like it was a close game.
 sounds like it was a close game. that's the reason it was such a great game.
 that's the reason it was such a great game. the next game, i will definitely be there.
 i was meaning to ask you if you saw the basketball game on friday. i wanted to go, but i couldn't.
 i wanted to go, but i couldn't. it was a great game.
 it was a great game. it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won?
 it's too bad that i couldn't make it. who won? our team played hard and won.
 our team played hard and won. i really wish i went to the game.
 i really wish i went to the game. it was the best game ever.
 it was the best game ever. so tell me the final score.
 so tell me the final score. the other team lost by three points, 101-98.
 the other team lost by three points, 101-98.  it must've been a close game.
 it must've been a close game. it really was. you should've gone.
 what are you doing this weekend? i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you?
 i'm going to the movies with a friend. how about you? i'm not sure yet.
 i'm not sure yet. well, did you want to go see a movie with me?
 well, did you want to go see a movie with me? what movie are you going to see?
 what movie are you going to see? i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see?
 i'm not sure yet. is there something you want to see? there's nothing i can think of.
 there's nothing i can think of. so, did you want to go?
 so, did you want to go? no, thanks, maybe another time.
 no, thanks, maybe another time. okay, sounds good.
 do you know what you're going to do this weekend? i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you?
 i am going to see a movie with a friend of mine. what about you? i don't know.
 i don't know. would you like to see a movie with me and my friend?
 would you like to see a movie with me and my friend? do you know what movie you're going to watch?
 do you know what movie you're going to watch? i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see?
 i don't know, but was there a certain movie you wanted to see? none that i can think of.
 none that i can think of. well, would you like to go?
 well, would you like to go? thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass.
 thank you for inviting me, but i think i'll pass. all right. another time then.
 you have any ideas as to what you want to do this weekend? i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do?
 i'm going to the movie theater with my friend. what are you going to do? i'm not quite sure yet.
 i'm not quite sure yet. how about you see a movie with me and my friend?
 how about you see a movie with me and my friend? what movie are you and your friend planning on watching?
 what movie are you and your friend planning on watching? not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye?
 not sure. is there a movie out that catches your eye? no good movies come to mind.
 no good movies come to mind. have you decided whether or not you would like to go?
 have you decided whether or not you would like to go? no, thanks. maybe another time.
 did you go to school today? yeah, i went to school today. were you there?
 yeah, i went to school today. were you there? no, i didn't go, i've been sick.
 no, i didn't go, i've been sick. that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class?
 that sucks. did you want the assignments from english class? that would be nice, thank you.
 that would be nice, thank you. no problem, you're welcome.
 no problem, you're welcome. i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick.
 i will be glad to do the same for you when you're sick. well, thank you. i hope to see you at school tomorrow.
 have you attended school today? i attended school today. did you?
 i attended school today. did you? i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill.
 i wasn't able to attend school because i was feeling ill. i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class?
 i'm sorry to hear that. would you like the assignments from english class? i would really appreciate that, thanks.
 i would really appreciate that, thanks. it's no trouble at all.
 it's no trouble at all. if you get sick, i'll return the favor.
 if you get sick, i'll return the favor. thanks. see you at school tomorrow if you feel better.
 have you gone to school today? i went to school today. did you go to school?
 i went to school today. did you go to school? i couldn't go to school today, i was sick.
 i couldn't go to school today, i was sick. that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class.
 that's horrible. i'd be happy to give you the assignments from english class. thank you very much, that's kind of you.
 thank you very much, that's kind of you. don't mention it.
 don't mention it. when you miss a day of school, i'll be happy to give you the english assignments.
 did you hear the news? what happened?
 what happened? our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week.
 our cousin went into labor and had her baby last week. she did? why didn't anyone tell me?
 she did? why didn't anyone tell me? i would've thought that somebody would have told you.
 i would've thought that somebody would have told you. no, i had no idea.
 no, i had no idea. well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 well, she did, her baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces. oh my god, that's great!
 oh my god, that's great! are you going to go and visit her and the baby?
 are you going to go and visit her and the baby? i think that i might.
 i think that i might. good! i just thought i'd let you know.
 good! i just thought i'd let you know. thanks for telling me.
 have you heard what happened? heard what?
 heard what? debrah already had her baby.
 debrah already had her baby. i didn't know that.
 i didn't know that. i thought you knew.
 i thought you knew. i honestly didn't know.
 i honestly didn't know. the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 the baby was 8 pounds 6 ounces. that's good to hear.
 that's good to hear. will you go and visit them?
 will you go and visit them? of course i will.
 of course i will. i just wanted to give you the good news.
 i just wanted to give you the good news. thanks for letting me know.
 have you heard the news? i haven't heard anything.
 i haven't heard anything. debrah had her baby last week.
 debrah had her baby last week. nobody told me.
 nobody told me. i thought you heard.
 i thought you heard. i really wasn't told anything.
 i really wasn't told anything. she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces.
 she was a cute 8 pounds 6 ounces. wow, how exciting.
 wow, how exciting. i know, you should really go and see her and the baby.
 i know, you should really go and see her and the baby. of course i will.
 of course i will. i just wanted to let you know what happened.
 did you go to school today? of course. did you?
 of course. did you? i didn't want to, so i didn't.
 i didn't want to, so i didn't. that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently?
 that's sad, but have you gone to the movies recently? that's a switch.
 that's a switch. i'm serious, have you?
 i'm serious, have you? no, i haven't. why?
 no, i haven't. why? i really want to go to the movies this weekend.
 i really want to go to the movies this weekend. so go then.
 so go then. i really don't want to go by myself.
 i really don't want to go by myself. well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow?
 well anyway, do you plan on going to school tomorrow? no, i think i'm going to go to the movies.
 did you make it to school today? i always do. did you go to school today?
 i always do. did you go to school today? no, i didn't.
 no, i didn't. you should have, but have you seen any movies lately?
 you should have, but have you seen any movies lately? that was an odd change of subject.
 that was an odd change of subject. maybe it was, but answer the question.
 maybe it was, but answer the question. no, not recently.
 no, not recently. i want to go to see a movie this weekend.
 i want to go to see a movie this weekend. what's stopping you then?
 what's stopping you then? i don't want to go alone.
 i don't want to go alone. so, will you be at school tomorrow?
 so, will you be at school tomorrow? no, i want to go to the movies instead.
 did you even bother to go to school today? yeah, i went. did you go?
 yeah, i went. did you go? no, i didn't feel like it.
 no, i didn't feel like it. that's nice, have you been to the movies lately?
 that's nice, have you been to the movies lately? no, but that was a random change of subject.
 no, but that was a random change of subject. it may have been random, but have you?
 it may have been random, but have you? i haven't lately.
 i haven't lately. i would love to catch a movie this weekend.
 i would love to catch a movie this weekend. so then, why don't you just go?
 so then, why don't you just go? i don't want to see a movie by myself.
 i don't want to see a movie by myself. okay, so are you going to school tomorrow?
 thanks for coming to see me today. it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway.
 it's no problem. i was really missing you anyway. i missed you too.
 i missed you too. why haven't you tried to come see me then?
 why haven't you tried to come see me then? i've been really busy.
 i've been really busy. doing what?
 doing what? working.
 working. i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too.
 i would've come to see you sooner, but i've been busy too. what have you been doing?
 what have you been doing? i've been working too.
 i've been working too. well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me.
 well regardless, i'm very happy that you came to see me. i am too.
 i'm really glad that you came to see me. i had to. i was missing you a lot.
 i had to. i was missing you a lot. i was missing you too.
 i was missing you too. so, why haven't you visited me?
 so, why haven't you visited me? i've actually been busy lately.
 i've actually been busy lately. what have you been doing?
 what have you been doing? i've just been working really hard.
 i've just been working really hard. i've also been busy.
 i've also been busy. tell me what you've been doing.
 tell me what you've been doing. basically, i've been working too.
 basically, i've been working too. well whatever, i'm glad you came.
 well whatever, i'm glad you came. so am i.
 i'm really happy that you came to visit me. i really missed you a lot.
 i really missed you a lot. i've been missing you like crazy.
 i've been missing you like crazy. i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me.
 i don't understand why you haven't come to visit me. lately, i've been quite busy.
 lately, i've been quite busy. tell me what you've been up to.
 tell me what you've been up to. i've really been working a lot lately.
 i've really been working a lot lately. i've been pretty busy myself.
 i've been pretty busy myself. so what have you been up to?
 so what have you been up to? i've just been working a lot.
 i've just been working a lot. whatever the reason may be, i'm glad you visited me.
 hey, did you hear about jessica's party this weekend? yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
 yeah, but i'm still waiting for my invitation. oh really? she gave me mine earlier today.
 oh really? she gave me mine earlier today. well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today.
 well, she'll probably just give me my invitation later on today. yeah, so are you planning on going?
 yeah, so are you planning on going? i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun.
 i think so. it sounds like it's going to be a lot of fun. it really does, i can't wait.
 it really does, i can't wait. what time does the party start?
 what time does the party start? it starts at 8 o'clock.
 it starts at 8 o'clock. oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far?
 oh, well, how many people has she given invites to so far? i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many.
 i'm not sure, but i don't think she's given out that many. well, hopefully she'll give me my invite later on today.
 have you heard about jessica's party on saturday? i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation.
 i've heard about it, but i'm still waiting for my invitation. really? i got mine from her this morning.
 really? i got mine from her this morning. i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow.
 i'm guessing that she's going to give me my invite today or tomorrow. you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party?
 you're probably right, do you intend on going to the party? i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun.
 i want to. i heard it's going to be really fun. i know, it does sound pretty awesome.
 i know, it does sound pretty awesome. well, when does the party start?
 well, when does the party start? it's supposed to start at about eight.
 it's supposed to start at about eight. how many invitations has she given out?
 how many invitations has she given out? i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet.
 i really don't know, but i don't think she gave out that many yet. i really want to go, so i hope that she gives me my invite soon.
 has anyone told you about jessica's party coming up? i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation.
 i was told about it already. i'm just waiting for my invitation. is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier.
 is that right? i already got my invitation from her earlier. i believe that she will give me the invitation today.
 i believe that she will give me the invitation today. are you even going to go?
 are you even going to go? yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year.
 yeah, it sounds like it's going to be the best party of the year. exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun.
 exactly, it seems like it's going to be loads of fun. when exactly does the party start?
 when exactly does the party start? the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m.
 the invitation says it starts at 8:00 p.m. has she given out a lot of invitations yet?
 has she given out a lot of invitations yet? i have no idea, she hasn't given out many though.
 hey, what's up? nothing really.
 nothing really. i'm throwing a party on friday.
 i'm throwing a party on friday. i didn't realize that.
 i didn't realize that. you didn't?
 you didn't? nobody has told me anything about your party.
 nobody has told me anything about your party. did you want to go?
 did you want to go? when does it start?
 when does it start? at 8:00 p.m.
 at 8:00 p.m. i'll be there.
 i'll be there. i'd better see you there.
 i'd better see you there. of course.
 what's going on with you? fine. what's going on with you?
 fine. what's going on with you? i'm having a party this friday.
 i'm having a party this friday. i had no idea.
 i had no idea. is that right?
 is that right? i didn't hear anything about it.
 i didn't hear anything about it. can you go?
 can you go? what time?
 what time? it starts at 8 o'clock.
 it starts at 8 o'clock. i'll go.
 i'll go. i hope that i'll see you there.
 i hope that i'll see you there. no doubt.
 what's going on? not much.
 not much. this friday, i'm throwing a party.
 this friday, i'm throwing a party. oh really? i didn't know that.
 oh really? i didn't know that. are you serious?
 are you serious? i haven't heard anything about it.
 i haven't heard anything about it. can you make it?
 can you make it? what time does it start?
 what time does it start? the party starts at 8.
 the party starts at 8. yeah, i think i'll go.
 yeah, i think i'll go. am i going to see you there?
 what's going on? nothing really, you?
 nothing really, you? i'm throwing a party next saturday.
 i'm throwing a party next saturday. is that right?
 is that right? yeah, are you going to come?
 yeah, are you going to come? i'm sorry, i can't.
 i'm sorry, i can't. why not?
 why not? i don't really want to.
 i don't really want to. well, why don't you?
 well, why don't you? i hate going to parties.
 i hate going to parties. well, that's okay.
 well, that's okay. yeah, sorry.
 what's up? nothing, how about you?
 nothing, how about you? next saturday, i'm going to have a party.
 next saturday, i'm going to have a party. oh, really?
 oh, really? you are coming?
 you are coming? probably not.
 probably not. why is that?
 why is that? i don't feel like going.
 i don't feel like going. why not?
 why not? i really can't stand going to parties.
 i really can't stand going to parties. i understand, i guess.
 i understand, i guess. sorry about that.
 what's happening? not a lot, what about you?
 not a lot, what about you? i'm having a party next saturday.
 i'm having a party next saturday. that's nice.
 that's nice. are you going to be there?
 are you going to be there? i don't think so.
 i don't think so. is there a reason why?
 is there a reason why? i just really don't want to go.
 i just really don't want to go. how come?
 how come? i don't really like parties.
 i don't really like parties. i wish you would go, but that's okay.
 what's up? nothing much, what's going on?
 nothing much, what's going on? i'm having a party this friday.
 i'm having a party this friday. oh, really? that's nice.
 oh, really? that's nice. i wanted to see if you wanted to come.
 i wanted to see if you wanted to come. this friday? sorry, i already have plans.
 this friday? sorry, i already have plans. doing what?
 doing what? i'm going to dinner with my family.
 i'm going to dinner with my family. i really wanted you to come, but i understand.
 i really wanted you to come, but i understand. yeah, maybe next time.
 yeah, maybe next time. i'll hold you to that.
 i'll hold you to that. sounds like a plan.
 hey, what's good with you? not a lot. what about you?
 not a lot. what about you? i'm throwing a party on friday.
 i'm throwing a party on friday. that sounds like fun.
 that sounds like fun. do you think you can come?
 do you think you can come? i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday.
 i'm sorry. i'm already doing something this friday. what are you going to be doing?
 what are you going to be doing? my family and i are going to dinner.
 my family and i are going to dinner. i was hoping you would come.
 i was hoping you would come. i'll definitely try to make it the next time.
 i'll definitely try to make it the next time. i'd better see you there.
 i'd better see you there. all right. i'll see you next time.
 what's going on? nothing really. how about you?
 nothing really. how about you? a lot, like the party i'm having on friday.
 a lot, like the party i'm having on friday. well, that's cool.
 well, that's cool. will you be able to make it?
 will you be able to make it? i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry.
 i'm busy this friday. i'm sorry. what do you have to do?
 what do you have to do? i'm having dinner with my family
 i'm having dinner with my family maybe you can come next time.
 maybe you can come next time. i'll make sure and come to your next party.
 i'll make sure and come to your next party. i'll look for you at my next party.
 it was nice talking to you. why are you trying to rush me off the phone?
 why are you trying to rush me off the phone? i really have to go.
 i really have to go. why? i still wanted to talk to you.
 why? i still wanted to talk to you. i have things to do.
 i have things to do. like what?
 like what? don't be nosey.
 don't be nosey. i'm not. i just want to know.
 i'm not. i just want to know. well, it's really none of your business.
 well, it's really none of your business. that's harsh.
 that's harsh. i'm sorry, but i have to go.
 i'm sorry, but i have to go. fine.
 i've enjoyed conversing with you. is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast?
 is there a reason why you're trying to get off the phone so fast? i've got to go.
 i've got to go. i wasn't done talking to you.
 i wasn't done talking to you. i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey.
 i have to do some things, and besides, it's not polite to be nosey. i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking.
 i'm not being nosey. i'm just asking. i really don't think it's any of your business.
 i really don't think it's any of your business. that's not nice.
 that's not nice. i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now.
 i apologize, but i'm getting off the phone now. okay.
 i'll talk to you later. what's the rush?
 what's the rush? i have to get off the phone now.
 i have to get off the phone now. i'm not ready to get off the phone with you.
 i'm not ready to get off the phone with you. there are other things i need to take care of.
 there are other things i need to take care of. what is it that you need to do?
 what is it that you need to do?  please don't be nosey.
 please don't be nosey. i'm not being nosey, it's just a question.
 i'm not being nosey, it's just a question. you don't need to worry about that.
 you don't need to worry about that. that was mean to say.
 that was mean to say. i am very sorry, but i must go.
 well, it was nice talking to you. it was nice talking to you too.
 it was nice talking to you too. we should really hang out again.
 we should really hang out again. that would be fun.
 that would be fun. where do you want to go?
 where do you want to go? i think we should go out to eat.
 i think we should go out to eat. that sounds good.
 that sounds good. all right, so i'll see you then.
 all right, so i'll see you then. i'll call you later.
 i'll call you later. okay, i'll talk to you later then.
 okay, i'll talk to you later then. see you later.
 see you later. bye.
 i enjoyed talking to you. i enjoyed talking to you too.
 i enjoyed talking to you too. we should hang out some time.
 we should hang out some time. i think that would be nice.
 i think that would be nice. is there anything you would like to do next time?
 is there anything you would like to do next time? do you want to go out to eat?
 do you want to go out to eat? i'd like that.
 i'd like that. so i'll see you next time.
 so i'll see you next time. i'm going to call you soon.
 i'm going to call you soon.  i'll talk to you later.
 i'll talk to you later. see you soon.
 see you soon. goodbye.
 i had fun talking to you. it was really nice talking to you also.
 it was really nice talking to you also. i think we should really do something sometime.
 i think we should really do something sometime. that should be loads of fun.
 that should be loads of fun. what do you want to do next time?
 what do you want to do next time? would you like to go to dinner or something?
 would you like to go to dinner or something? yeah, let's do that.
 yeah, let's do that. okay, until next time then.
 okay, until next time then. i'll call you so we can set that up.
 i'll call you so we can set that up. talk to you then.
 talk to you then. all right, see you.
 where do you live? i live in pasadena.
 i live in pasadena. where is pasadena?
 where is pasadena? it's in california.
 it's in california. is it in northern california?
 is it in northern california? no. it's in southern california.
 no. it's in southern california. is pasadena a big city?
 is pasadena a big city? it's pretty big.
 it's pretty big. how big is "pretty big"?
 how big is "pretty big"? it has about 140,000 people.
 it has about 140,000 people. how big is los angeles?
 how big is los angeles? it has about 3 million people.
 do you have a car? yes, i do.
 yes, i do. what kind of car do you have?
 what kind of car do you have? i have a honda.
 i have a honda. is it new?
 is it new? it was new in 2003.
 it was new in 2003. so, it's pretty old now.
 so, it's pretty old now. yes, it is. but it still looks good.
 yes, it is. but it still looks good. do you take good care of it?
 do you take good care of it? oh, yes. i wash it once a week.
 oh, yes. i wash it once a week. do you change the oil?
 do you change the oil? my mechanic changes the oil twice a year.
 do you have a girlfriend? no, i don't. do you?
 no, i don't. do you? i don't have a girlfriend, either.
 i don't have a girlfriend, either. why not?
 why not? i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough.
 i don't know. maybe i'm not rich enough. girls like guys with money.
 girls like guys with money. they sure do.
 they sure do. they like guys with new cars.
 they like guys with new cars. i don't have money or a new car.
 i don't have money or a new car. me, neither.
 me, neither. but girls like guys who are funny.
 but girls like guys who are funny. maybe we should learn some good jokes.
 where are you going? i have to walk the dog.
 i have to walk the dog. what kind of dog do you have?
 what kind of dog do you have? i have a little poodle.
 i have a little poodle. poodles bark a lot.
 poodles bark a lot. they sure do.
 they sure do. they bark at everything.
 they bark at everything. they never shut up.
 they never shut up. why did you get a poodle?
 why did you get a poodle? it's my mom's dog.
 it's my mom's dog. so she likes poodles.
 so she likes poodles. she says they're good watchdogs.
 can i borrow $5? sure. why do you need it?
 sure. why do you need it? i want to buy lunch.
 i want to buy lunch. where's your money?
 where's your money? it's not in my wallet.
 it's not in my wallet. your wallet is empty?
 your wallet is empty? i don't have even one dollar in it.
 i don't have even one dollar in it. being broke is no fun.
 being broke is no fun. even if it's only for a short while.
 even if it's only for a short while. it's always good to have friends.
 it's always good to have friends. friends will lend you money when you're broke.
 friends will lend you money when you're broke. as long as you pay them back.
 let's go to the beach. that's a great idea.
 that's a great idea. we haven't been in a while.
 we haven't been in a while. we haven't been in a month.
 we haven't been in a month. the last time we went, you almost drowned.
 the last time we went, you almost drowned. no, i didn't.
 no, i didn't. then why did the lifeguard dive into the water?
 then why did the lifeguard dive into the water? i think he wanted to cool off.
 i think he wanted to cool off. he swam right up to you.
 he swam right up to you. and then he turned right around.
 and then he turned right around. maybe you're right.
 maybe you're right. maybe we should get going.
 are you married? no. i'm divorced.
 no. i'm divorced. when did you get divorced?
 when did you get divorced? i got divorced two years ago.
 i got divorced two years ago. why did you get divorced?
 why did you get divorced? my wife left me.
 my wife left me. why did she leave you?
 why did she leave you? she said she didn't love me anymore.
 she said she didn't love me anymore. wow! that's terrible.
 wow! that's terrible. yes, it was.
 yes, it was. why didn't she love you anymore?
 why didn't she love you anymore? she fell in love with my best friend.
 i'm bored. what's on tv?
 what's on tv? nothing.
 nothing. there must be something on tv!
 there must be something on tv! nothing that's interesting.
 nothing that's interesting. what about that new game show?
 what about that new game show? which one?
 which one? "deal or no deal"
 "deal or no deal" tell me you're joking.
 tell me you're joking. i love that show.
 i love that show. i watched it once. that was enough.
 i watched it once. that was enough. it's on right now. let's watch it together.
 i like living here. i agree. pasadena is a nice city.
 i agree. pasadena is a nice city. it's not too big.
 it's not too big. and it's not too small.
 and it's not too small. it has great weather all year long.
 it has great weather all year long. it has the rose parade.
 it has the rose parade. it has beautiful houses.
 it has beautiful houses. it has wonderful restaurants.
 it has wonderful restaurants. it has great schools.
 it has great schools. it's close to the mountains.
 it's close to the mountains. the people are friendly.
 the people are friendly. i'm not ever going to leave.
 we need a new mattress. what's the matter with this one?
 what's the matter with this one? it's not comfortable.
 it's not comfortable. it seems fine to me.
 it seems fine to me. i toss and turn all night.
 i toss and turn all night. you should stop drinking coffee.
 you should stop drinking coffee. look at these marks on my arms.
 look at these marks on my arms. what are they?
 what are they? they are bites.
 they are bites. did the cat bite you?
 did the cat bite you? no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me.
 no. the bedbugs in that mattress bit me. okay. let's get a new mattress.
 my laptop is so slow. buy a new one.
 buy a new one. i would if i had the money.
 i would if i had the money. why is it so slow?
 why is it so slow? that's a good question.
 that's a good question. did you take it to a computer shop?
 did you take it to a computer shop? i would if i had the money.
 i would if i had the money. well, i guess you have to live with it.
 well, i guess you have to live with it. sometimes i want to throw it out the window.
 sometimes i want to throw it out the window. you don't want to do that.
 you don't want to do that. why not?
 why not? you might hit someone in the head.
 what's for dinner? i'm not sure.
 i'm not sure. how about a pizza?
 how about a pizza? you had pizza for lunch.
 you had pizza for lunch. but i love pizza.
 but i love pizza. everybody loves pizza.
 everybody loves pizza. so why can't i have pizza for dinner?
 so why can't i have pizza for dinner? because you need variety.
 because you need variety. what's "variety?
 what's "variety? different thingsnot the same thing all the time.
 different thingsnot the same thing all the time. you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza?
 you mean, like a pepperoni pizza instead of a cheese pizza? no, i mean a salad instead of a pizza.
 we need to save money. why do we need to save money?
 why do we need to save money? because we need to buy a house.
 because we need to buy a house. but a house is so expensive.
 but a house is so expensive. that's why we need to save money.
 that's why we need to save money. how much do we need to save?
 how much do we need to save? we need to save enough for a down payment.
 we need to save enough for a down payment. how much is that?
 how much is that? that's about $30,000.
 that's about $30,000. thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever.
 thirty thousand dollars! that will take forever. not if we save every penny.
 not if we save every penny. okay. here's seven pennies.
 the ocean is so big. you can't see the end of it.
 you can't see the end of it. it goes on and on forever.
 it goes on and on forever. and it's deep, too.
 and it's deep, too. i think it's five miles deep.
 i think it's five miles deep. are there fish at the bottom?
 are there fish at the bottom? there are fish at the top and the bottom.
 there are fish at the top and the bottom. are there more fish or more people?
 are there more fish or more people? i think there are more fish.
 i think there are more fish. i hope so. i love to eat fish.
 i'm upset with my mom. why is that?
 why is that? i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me.
 i warned her about her new boyfriend. she didn't listen to me. what happened?
 what happened? i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself.
 i gave her $1,000 for her birthday. i told her to spend it on herself. that was very nice of you.
 that was very nice of you. i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend.
 i found out that she gave it to her new boyfriend. why did she do that?
 why did she do that? he said he would buy her a nice ring.
 he said he would buy her a nice ring. what's wrong with that?
 what's wrong with that? he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling.
 he went to las vegas. he lost it all gambling. i hope your mom broke up with him.
 do animals talk to each other? of course they talk to each other.
 of course they talk to each other. what do they talk about?
 what do they talk about? they talk about other animals.
 they talk about other animals. what else do they talk about?
 what else do they talk about? they talk about food and the weather.
 they talk about food and the weather. do they talk about us?
 do they talk about us? of course they talk about us.
 of course they talk about us. what do they say about us?
 what do they say about us? they say that we are funny-looking.
 they say that we are funny-looking. ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking.
 ha! we're not funny-looking; animals are funny-looking. we're funny-looking because we wear clothes.
 i have to clean the house. yes, it's very dirty.
 yes, it's very dirty. you can help me.
 you can help me. why me?
 why me? because you helped make it dirty.
 because you helped make it dirty. what do you want me to do?
 what do you want me to do? i want you to clean the bathroom.
 i want you to clean the bathroom. oh, that's easy.
 oh, that's easy. clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet.
 clean the sink, the tub, the counter, and the toilet. that's a lot of work.
 that's a lot of work. tell me when you finish.
 tell me when you finish. i don't think so. you'll just give me more work.
 you're watching too much tv. what do you mean?
 what do you mean? i mean you're wasting your life.
 i mean you're wasting your life. i'm having fun.
 i'm having fun. you're sitting there with your mouth open.
 you're sitting there with your mouth open. who cares?
 who cares? i care. do something.
 i care. do something. okay. i did something.
 okay. i did something. what did you do?
 what did you do? i turned up the volume.
 i turned up the volume. that's not what i meant by "do something."
 that's not what i meant by "do something." will you do something? leave me alone.
 did you write a letter to grandma? yes, i did.
 yes, i did. did you tell her about school?
 did you tell her about school? i told her that school is fun.
 i told her that school is fun. did you put the letter in an envelope?
 did you put the letter in an envelope? yes, and i sealed the envelope.
 yes, and i sealed the envelope. did you put a stamp on the envelope?
 did you put a stamp on the envelope? i couldn't find any stamps.
 i couldn't find any stamps. they're in the kitchen drawer.
 they're in the kitchen drawer. okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope.
 okay. i just put a stamp on the envelope. give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you.
 give me the envelope, and i'll mail it for you. when is grandma going to learn about e-mail?
 why are you yawning? i'm sleepy.
 i'm sleepy. why don't you go to bed?
 why don't you go to bed? i want to watch this tv show.
 i want to watch this tv show. maybe you should record it.
 maybe you should record it. the tape recorder is broken.
 the tape recorder is broken. then you should watch the rerun.
 then you should watch the rerun. why? i'm watching the original.
 why? i'm watching the original. but you'll be asleep in about one minute.
 but you'll be asleep in about one minute. i'm just yawning because the commercials are on.
 i'm just yawning because the commercials are on. okay. i'll tell you how the show ends.
 okay. i'll tell you how the show ends. zzz.
 it's sunday. so?
 so? you know what that means.
 you know what that means. i forgot.
 i forgot. sunday means we go to church.
 sunday means we go to church. oh, yeah.
 oh, yeah. put on a coat and tie.
 put on a coat and tie. why?
 why? to show respect to god and others.
 to show respect to god and others. i'm glad sunday is only once a week.
 i'm glad sunday is only once a week. i hope god didn't hear that.
 i hope god didn't hear that. he'll forgive me.
 did you feed the cat? i'll do that in a minute.
 i'll do that in a minute. the cat is meowing. he's hungry.
 the cat is meowing. he's hungry. okay. i'll feed him right now.
 okay. i'll feed him right now. you shouldn't make him wait.
 you shouldn't make him wait. i was doing my homework.
 i was doing my homework. the cat doesn't care about your homework.
 the cat doesn't care about your homework. the cat doesn't care about anything.
 the cat doesn't care about anything. that's the way cats are.
 that's the way cats are. all they think about is themselves.
 all they think about is themselves. maybe we should get rid of him.
 maybe we should get rid of him. of course not! he's family.
 i hate shaving. me too.
 me too. i just cut myself again.
 i just cut myself again. did you use a new blade?
 did you use a new blade? it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut.
 it doesn't matter. old blades cut, new blades cut. maybe you should use an electric shaver.
 maybe you should use an electric shaver. they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave.
 they make a lot of noise, but they don't give a close shave. maybe you should stop shaving.
 maybe you should stop shaving. and grow a beard?
 and grow a beard? sure. why not?
 sure. why not? because food and other stuff sticks in my beard.
 because food and other stuff sticks in my beard. hmm. here's an idea. put cream on your face and have the cat lick it off.
 excuse me. yes?
 yes? are you reading this paper?
 are you reading this paper? oh, no. help yourself.
 oh, no. help yourself. i asked because the paper is sitting next to you.
 i asked because the paper is sitting next to you. thank you. that's polite of you to ask.
 thank you. that's polite of you to ask. some people would just pick it up.
 some people would just pick it up. yes, i know. some people are rude.
 yes, i know. some people are rude. i always try to be polite.
 i always try to be polite. so do i.
 so do i. the world needs more polite people like us.
 the world needs more polite people like us. i agree 100 percent.
 mom, i want a puppy. let me think about it.
 let me think about it. why do you have to think about it?
 why do you have to think about it? because a puppy costs money.
 because a puppy costs money. no, it doesn't. puppies are free.
 no, it doesn't. puppies are free. yes, but a puppy needs shots.
 yes, but a puppy needs shots. shots for what?
 shots for what? so it won't get sick. just like you get shots.
 so it won't get sick. just like you get shots. i hate shots.
 i hate shots. and a puppy eats food. food costs money.
 and a puppy eats food. food costs money. no problem. i'll give him food off my plate.
 no problem. i'll give him food off my plate. oh, no you don't. puppies don't eat vegetables.
 look at all these kittens! how many are there?
 how many are there? eight.
 eight. they're all so cute.
 they're all so cute. yes, but i can't keep them.
 yes, but i can't keep them. what are you going to do with them?
 what are you going to do with them? i'm going to give them away. do you want one?
 i'm going to give them away. do you want one? yes, i would love one.
 yes, i would love one. which one do you want?
 which one do you want? that one. the one that's all black.
 that one. the one that's all black. yes, i like that one, too.
 yes, i like that one, too. i'll call him blacky.
 my parents go to church every sunday. they trust in god.
 they trust in god. they hope they will go to heaven.
 they hope they will go to heaven. they probably will.
 they probably will. but no one knows for sure.
 but no one knows for sure. that's for sure.
 that's for sure. no one knows what happens after we die.
 no one knows what happens after we die. if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god.
 if we are good, we will be happy in heaven with god. that's what many people believe.
 that's what many people believe. if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell.
 if we are bad, we will be unhappy forever in hell. i don't want to go to hell.
 i don't want to go to hell. let's go to church with your parents on sunday.
 my husband died. i'm sorry for you.
 i'm sorry for you. thank you.
 thank you. when did he die?
 when did he die? a couple of months ago.
 a couple of months ago. you still miss him.
 you still miss him. yes, but i talk to him almost every day.
 yes, but i talk to him almost every day. when you go to church?
 when you go to church? no, when i call him on his cell phone.
 no, when i call him on his cell phone. what do you mean?
 what do you mean? i buried him with his cell phone.
 i buried him with his cell phone. what will you do when the battery dies?
 today is friday the thirteenth. that's a bad day.
 that's a bad day. it's supposed to be unlucky.
 it's supposed to be unlucky. you're supposed to stay home all day.
 you're supposed to stay home all day. that's what i do.
 that's what i do. my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth.
 my friend stayed in a hotel on friday the thirteenth. that was a mistake.
 that was a mistake. he stayed on the thirteenth floor.
 he stayed on the thirteenth floor. what happened?
 what happened? someone stole his laptop.
 someone stole his laptop. he was asking for it.
 he was asking for it. he learned his lesson. he's home today.
 do you really love me? of course.
 of course. prove it.
 prove it. how can i prove it?
 how can i prove it? take me to dinner.
 take me to dinner. that's it? that's all i have to do?
 that's it? that's all i have to do? take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's.
 take me to a nice restaurant, not to mcdonald's. but a nice restaurant costs money.
 but a nice restaurant costs money. yes, and you have to make a reservation.
 yes, and you have to make a reservation. that's such a hassle.
 that's such a hassle. i knew you didn't love me.
 i knew you didn't love me. okay, okay! i'll make a reservation right now.
 my parents are divorced. so are mine.
 so are mine. why did your parents get divorced?
 why did your parents get divorced? my father found a new girlfriend.
 my father found a new girlfriend. that's too bad.
 that's too bad. my mother was hurt and angry.
 my mother was hurt and angry. she had good reason. what did she do?
 she had good reason. what did she do? she told him to drop his girlfriend.
 she told him to drop his girlfriend. what did your father do?
 what did your father do? he moved out of our house.
 he moved out of our house. i guess he really liked his new girlfriend.
 i guess he really liked his new girlfriend. yes, but she left him a year later.
 my grandma's apartment smells funny. so does mine.
 so does mine. i think it's an old people's smell.
 i think it's an old people's smell. really?
 really? yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell.
 yes. i think when you get old, you begin to smell. like fruit that is too ripe?
 like fruit that is too ripe? yes, just like fruit that is too ripe.
 yes, just like fruit that is too ripe. but the smell is different.
 but the smell is different. yes, old people don't smell like fruit.
 yes, old people don't smell like fruit. no, they smell like a thrift shop.
 no, they smell like a thrift shop. yes, a thrift shop has that same smell.
 yes, a thrift shop has that same smell. yes, an old smell.
 the price of stamps goes up and up. i think stamps used to cost a penny.
 i think stamps used to cost a penny. that was a long time ago.
 that was a long time ago. it was before i was born.
 it was before i was born. now a stamp is 42 cents.
 now a stamp is 42 cents. but in may it will be 44 cents.
 but in may it will be 44 cents. have you ever lost a letter in the mail?
 have you ever lost a letter in the mail? no, i haven't.
 no, i haven't. neither have i.
 neither have i. so, they do a good job for the money.
 so, they do a good job for the money. yes, they do.
 yes, they do. maybe we shouldn't complain.
 a button came off my shirt. what are you going to do?
 what are you going to do? first, i have to find the button.
 first, i have to find the button. where did you lose it?
 where did you lose it? i have no idea.
 i have no idea. a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs?
 a button is hard to find. did you look in your pant cuffs? that's a good idea.
 that's a good idea. i found a button in my pant cuffs one time.
 i found a button in my pant cuffs one time. let me look. no, it's not there.
 let me look. no, it's not there. many shirts come with an extra button.
 many shirts come with an extra button. you're right. this one does have an extra button.
 you're right. this one does have an extra button. now all you have to do is sew it on.
 i have to go to the bathroom. you drink too much coffee.
 you drink too much coffee. but i love coffee.
 but i love coffee. well, it's your life.
 well, it's your life. you eat too much chocolate.
 you eat too much chocolate. i don't think so.
 i don't think so. have you looked in the mirror?
 have you looked in the mirror? do you think i'm getting fat?
 do you think i'm getting fat? i didn't say that.
 i didn't say that. what did you say?
 what did you say? i said i have to go to the bathroom.
 i said i have to go to the bathroom. that's what i thought you said.
 did you do the laundry? yes, i did.
 yes, i did. what did you wash?
 what did you wash? i washed the sheets and towels.
 i washed the sheets and towels. what about the pillowcases?
 what about the pillowcases? yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them.
 yes, i took them off the pillows and washed them. did you dry everything in the dryer?
 did you dry everything in the dryer? yes, i dried everything in the dryer.
 yes, i dried everything in the dryer. then what did you do?
 then what did you do? i folded all the towels.
 i folded all the towels. did you put the sheets on the beds?
 did you put the sheets on the beds? yes, and i put the pillowcases on the pillows.
 do you listen to the radio? i listen day and night.
 i listen day and night. what do you listen to?
 what do you listen to? mostly talk radio.
 mostly talk radio. what's that?
 what's that? people talk about current events.
 people talk about current events. what do they say?
 what do they say? they say they want change.
 they say they want change. what kind of change?
 what kind of change? they want tax cuts.
 they want tax cuts. why do they want tax cuts?
 why do they want tax cuts? because tax cuts will save them money.
 mom, i'm hungry. look in the fridge.
 look in the fridge. i'm looking. there's nothing to eat.
 i'm looking. there's nothing to eat. are you sure?
 are you sure? it's almost empty.
 it's almost empty. i went to the market yesterday.
 i went to the market yesterday. i don't see anything.
 i don't see anything. i bought lots of oranges and apples.
 i bought lots of oranges and apples. i don't want fruit. i want something tasty.
 i don't want fruit. i want something tasty. eat the fruit. it's good for you.
 eat the fruit. it's good for you. next time you go to the market, let me go with you.
 next time you go to the market, let me go with you. no, thank you. all you want to eat are hot dogs and candy bars.
 what is there to eat? i don't know. look in the fridge.
 i don't know. look in the fridge. i think i'll make a sandwich.
 i think i'll make a sandwich. what kind?
 what kind? a ham sandwich.
 a ham sandwich. the bread is in the cabinet.
 the bread is in the cabinet. where's the mustard?
 where's the mustard? it's in the fridge, i think.
 it's in the fridge, i think. oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich?
 oh, yes, here it is. do you want a sandwich? yes, that sounds nice.
 yes, that sounds nice. how about some potato chips?
 how about some potato chips? yes. and a pickle, if we have any.
 it's time for your bath, young lady. but, mom, i'm not dirty.
 but, mom, i'm not dirty. you need a bath every day.
 you need a bath every day. why?
 why? because you don't want to smell bad.
 because you don't want to smell bad. i don't smell bad.
 i don't smell bad. that's what you think.
 that's what you think. if i smelled bad, i could smell me.
 if i smelled bad, i could smell me. i can smell you.
 i can smell you. i can smell you, too.
 i can smell you, too. that's my perfume.
 that's my perfume. when can i wear perfume?
 something's wrong with my computer. exactly what?
 exactly what? all i get is a black screen.
 all i get is a black screen. what's the matter?
 what's the matter? i think i know, because this happened before.
 i think i know, because this happened before. what happened before?
 what happened before? my hard drive crashed.
 my hard drive crashed. oh, no. that's bad news.
 oh, no. that's bad news. it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure.
 it sure is, but i'm going to call hp first, just to make sure. will you lose all your files?
 will you lose all your files? no, i always back up my files.
 no, i always back up my files. you're smart.
 i called hp about my computer. what did they say?
 what did they say? they said i need a new hard drive.
 they said i need a new hard drive. that's too bad. how much is a new one?
 that's too bad. how much is a new one? it's not too much, only about $85.
 it's not too much, only about $85. plus installation?
 plus installation? no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace.
 no, my hard drive is easy to remove and replace. really?
 really? yes, it's just a couple of screws.
 yes, it's just a couple of screws. that's nice.
 that's nice. it's a lot better than paying someone $60.
 it's a lot better than paying someone $60. if my hard drive crashes, i'll just call you.
 what's your email address? it's bluedog123.
 it's bluedog123. bluedog123. are you sure that's all?
 bluedog123. are you sure that's all? yes.
 yes. no. that's incomplete.
 no. that's incomplete. what do you mean?
 what do you mean? what's your mailing address?
 what's your mailing address? 456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170.
 456 cherry drive, pasadena, ca 91170. that's correct.
 that's correct. so what's the problem?
 so what's the problem? bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code.
 bluedog123 is just the street. you have to give me the city, state, and zip code. oh, i get it. my email address is bluedog123@yahoo.com.
 i'm going to take a nap. you should unplug the phone.
 you should unplug the phone. that's a good idea.
 that's a good idea. do you want me to wake you in an hour?
 do you want me to wake you in an hour? no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up.
 no, thanks. just let me sleep until i wake up. i'll start dinner at 6:00.
 i'll start dinner at 6:00. okay. i think i'll be awake by then.
 okay. i think i'll be awake by then. if not, your nose will wake you up.
 if not, your nose will wake you up. you mean i will smell the food cooking?
 you mean i will smell the food cooking? you might even dream about dinner.
 you might even dream about dinner. i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired.
 i don't think i'm going to dream about anything. i'm really tired. have a nice nap.
 that was a nice funeral. yes, dad, it was.
 yes, dad, it was. the son gave a nice speech about his father.
 the son gave a nice speech about his father. it was long, too.
 it was long, too. i think it was about 45 minutes long.
 i think it was about 45 minutes long. but it went by fast. it was interesting.
 but it went by fast. it was interesting. i liked it.
 i liked it. i'll give you a speech like that, too.
 i'll give you a speech like that, too. do you think anyone will come to my funeral?
 do you think anyone will come to my funeral? of course.
 of course. i think only the family will be there.
 i think only the family will be there. you have lots of friends. they will be there, too!
 yikes! what was that noise? i had to blow my nose.
 i had to blow my nose. did you have to blow right next to the phone?
 did you have to blow right next to the phone? did you hear that?
 did you hear that? of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house.
 of course i heard that. i thought a plane had crashed into your house. it wasn't that loud.
 it wasn't that loud. i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see.
 i will blow my nose sometime for you, and you'll see. okay. i'll take your word for it.
 okay. i'll take your word for it. i thought you had an elephant in your house.
 i thought you had an elephant in your house. you're funny.
 you're funny. what did you say? i think i've gone deaf.
 what did you say? i think i've gone deaf. i'm going into the bathroom to blow my nose. i'll be right back.
 i have lots of friends. really? how many do you have?
 really? how many do you have? i don't know, maybe one hundred.
 i don't know, maybe one hundred. that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend?
 that is a lot of friends. do you have a best friend? of course. i have lots of best friends.
 of course. i have lots of best friends. how many best friends do you have?
 how many best friends do you have? i think about twenty-five.
 i think about twenty-five. hmm. i have only one best friend.
 hmm. i have only one best friend. i feel sorry for you.
 i feel sorry for you. i have only a few friends.
 i have only a few friends. you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you.
 you must be lonely. i will share my friends with you. that's very nice of you.
 don't you ever cheat on me. why would i do that?
 why would i do that? because men like to cheat.
 because men like to cheat. some men do, but not me.
 some men do, but not me. i'm watching you.
 i'm watching you. i'm an open book. watch me all you want.
 i'm an open book. watch me all you want. if i catch you, you'll be sorry.
 if i catch you, you'll be sorry. you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater.
 you won't catch me, because i love you. i'm not a cheater. i will poke your eyes out.
 i will poke your eyes out.  i don't want any other woman.
 i don't want any other woman. i will chop your toes off, one by one.
 i will chop your toes off, one by one. honey, please. you're the only woman for me, forever. i swear it.
 i hate to go outside. me too.
 me too. why do you hate to go outside?
 why do you hate to go outside? i meet too many jerks.
 i meet too many jerks. i agree.
 i agree. this city is full of jerks.
 this city is full of jerks. rude people are everywhere.
 rude people are everywhere. but what can you do?
 but what can you do? you can yell at them.
 you can yell at them. and they will yell back at you.
 and they will yell back at you. yelling doesn't do any good.
 yelling doesn't do any good. no. the best thing to do is just stay home.
 will you look at this form? are you having problems with it?
 are you having problems with it? i don't understand some things.
 i don't understand some things. let me help you.
 let me help you. what does "mi" mean?
 what does "mi" mean? "mi" stands for middle initial.
 "mi" stands for middle initial. what does "mm/dd/yy" mean?
 what does "mm/dd/yy" mean? that means month/day/year. use numbers.
 that means month/day/year. use numbers. i don't understand.
 i don't understand. for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87.
 for example, if your birth date is january 12, 1987, write 01/12/87. oh. that's simple enough.
 oh. that's simple enough. always print clearly, and fill in the bubbles completely.
 let's go to the animal shelter. what do you want to do?
 what do you want to do? i want to get a puppy for my son.
 i want to get a puppy for my son. that will make him so happy.
 that will make him so happy. i'll get him one of those little dogs.
 i'll get him one of those little dogs. one that won't grow up too big.
 one that won't grow up too big. and eat too much.
 and eat too much. do you know which one he would like?
 do you know which one he would like? oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked.
 oh, yes, i took him there yesterday. he showed me one that he really liked. i bet you had to drag him away.
 i bet you had to drag him away. he wanted to take it home yesterday.
 he wanted to take it home yesterday. i wonder what he'll name it.
 what's the weather like? i don't know. i just woke up.
 i don't know. i just woke up. why don't you look outside?
 why don't you look outside? okay. it looks like rain.
 okay. it looks like rain. why do you say that?
 why do you say that? the sky is gray.
 the sky is gray. is it raining right now?
 is it raining right now? no.
 no. how do you know?
 how do you know? the street isn't wet.
 the street isn't wet. i have to go shopping today.
 i have to go shopping today. you'd better take an umbrella.
 i can't believe how hot it is. it's not even noon yet.
 it's not even noon yet. that means it will get hotter.
 that means it will get hotter. i am dying from the heat.
 i am dying from the heat. turn on the air conditioner.
 turn on the air conditioner. it doesn't work.
 it doesn't work. what happened?
 what happened? i don't know.
 i don't know. did you call the repairman?
 did you call the repairman? of course.
 of course. when is he coming?
 when is he coming? he's busy. he said next week.
 i'll be glad when winter comes. why is that?
 why is that? because i love the snow.
 because i love the snow. yes, the snow is fun.
 yes, the snow is fun. last year we made a big snowman.
 last year we made a big snowman. how big was it?
 how big was it? it was seven feet tall.
 it was seven feet tall. how long did it take?
 how long did it take? it took us all day.
 it took us all day. did you give him a nose?
 did you give him a nose? of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose.
 of course. we gave him a big carrot for a nose. let me help you make one this year.
 i'm going to the bank. what do you need to do?
 what do you need to do? i need to withdraw some money.
 i need to withdraw some money. how are you going to do that?
 how are you going to do that? i'll just use the atm.
 i'll just use the atm. what's that?
 what's that? it's the automatic teller machine.
 it's the automatic teller machine. it gives you money?
 it gives you money? i just insert my debit card into the machine.
 i just insert my debit card into the machine. and it gives you money?
 and it gives you money? well, it gives me money, but it's my own money.
 well, it gives me money, but it's my own money. oh. what good is that? i thought it gave you free money.
 did you put the blue bin out on the street? oh, no. i forgot.
 oh, no. i forgot. well, you'd better take it out front.
 well, you'd better take it out front. what time does the recycle truck come by?
 what time does the recycle truck come by? it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow.
 it usually gets here at noon on tuesday, which is tomorrow. i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning.
 i'll just take it out to the street tomorrow morning. oh, no, you don't.
 oh, no, you don't. what do you mean?
 what do you mean? every morning you get up late and rush off to work late.
 every morning you get up late and rush off to work late. do you think i'll forget to do it?
 do you think i'll forget to do it? you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it.
 you'll remember to do it, but you won't have time to do it. okay, i'll take it out front right now.
 are you ready? ready for what?
 ready for what? ready for the big switch.
 ready for the big switch. what are you talking about?
 what are you talking about? the nation is switching to digital tv.
 the nation is switching to digital tv. oh. of course i'm ready.
 oh. of course i'm ready. did you buy the converter?
 did you buy the converter? no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv.
 no, i don't need a converter because i bought a digital tv. how much was that?
 how much was that? it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen.
 it was only about $120 for a 13-inch screen. does it pick up any digital channels?
 does it pick up any digital channels? oh, yes. i get six korean channels but nothing in english!
 people are funny. they sure are.
 they sure are. did you hear about the pilot?
 did you hear about the pilot? the one that stole a small plane?
 the one that stole a small plane? yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s.
 yes, he stole a plane in canada and flew into the u.s. did they catch him?
 did they catch him? yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway.
 yes. after two u.s. fighter jets followed him for an hour, he landed on a highway. did he crash?
 did he crash? no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant.
 no, he just landed the plane and walked to a restaurant. did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.?
 did the cops find out why he flew into the u.s.? his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down.
 his life sucked. he was hoping a fighter jet would shoot him down. poor guy.
 the police need our help finding a robber. how do you know?
 how do you know? the tv news is reporting a bank robbery.
 the tv news is reporting a bank robbery. do they know what the robber looks like?
 do they know what the robber looks like? yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old.
 yes, he's 6 feet tall, 200 pounds, black hair, and about 30 years old. what race is he?
 what race is he? they didn't say.
 they didn't say. the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore.
 the tv news doesn't tell us the race anymore. of course not. that would be racist.
 of course not. that would be racist. but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race?
 but how can we identify someone if we don't know their race? don't ask me.
 don't ask me. then they also shouldn't tell us if the robber is male or female, because that is sexist.
 don't wipe your nose on your sleeve. but i don't have a tissue.
 but i don't have a tissue. then go find a tissue in the bathroom.
 then go find a tissue in the bathroom. i didn't have time to get one from there.
 i didn't have time to get one from there. your sleeves are not tissues.
 your sleeves are not tissues. but mom, all my friends use their sleeves.
 but mom, all my friends use their sleeves. that doesn't make it right.
 that doesn't make it right. i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday.
 i saw dad wipe his nose on his sleeve yesterday. i will talk to your father about that.
 i will talk to your father about that. i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age.
 i bet dad did it all the time when he was my age. your daddy was a good little boy.
 your daddy was a good little boy. how do you know? were you his mommy, too?
 i'm worried. worried about what?
 worried about what? i'm getting married.
 i'm getting married. you should be happy, not worried.
 you should be happy, not worried. i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility.
 i am happy, but marriage is a lot of responsibility. yes, you have to take care of your wife.
 yes, you have to take care of your wife. and i have to take care of our children.
 and i have to take care of our children. are you going to start a family?
 are you going to start a family? yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl.
 yes. we want to have a little boy and a little girl. that sounds wonderful.
 that sounds wonderful. except we can't afford it!
 except we can't afford it! no wonder you're worried.
 i don't get art. or artists.
 or artists. they're in a different world.
 they're in a different world. i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils.
 i saw a painting of a jar that was full of pencils. the artist said the jar was both full and empty.
 the artist said the jar was both full and empty. but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty?
 but it was full of pencils! how could he say it was empty? artists see things differently.
 artists see things differently. did you ever see anything that picasso painted?
 did you ever see anything that picasso painted? of course! he's world famous.
 of course! he's world famous. did he ever take art lessons?
 did he ever take art lessons? i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade.
 i can't believe it. i drew paintings like that in third grade. where are they? maybe they are worth millions.
 what's the point? the point of what?
 the point of what? of living.
 of living. who knows? you live, and then you die.
 who knows? you live, and then you die. we must be here for some reason.
 we must be here for some reason. maybe we're here to have fun.
 maybe we're here to have fun. then why aren't i having fun?
 then why aren't i having fun? because you're thinking too much.
 because you're thinking too much. so i should stop thinking?
 so i should stop thinking? stop thinking about what the point is.
 stop thinking about what the point is. okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun.
 okay. i'll start thinking about having some fun. just be patient. fun doesn't come along every five minutes.
 beer is a powerful drug. so are cigarettes.
 so are cigarettes. which would you prefer?
 which would you prefer? what do you mean?
 what do you mean? when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes.
 when you die and go to heaven, they will offer you beer or cigarettes. i could pick only one or the other?
 i could pick only one or the other? yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven.
 yes. nothing's perfect, not even in heaven. boy, that's a tough one.
 boy, that's a tough one. what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes.
 what's so tough about it? of course, i would pick cigarettes. but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer.
 but cigarettes taste much better when you have a cold beer. well, you can't have everything.
 well, you can't have everything. i don't think i want to go to your heaven.
 my pants have a hole in the front pocket. you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket.
 you shouldn't carry pens in your pocket. yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe.
 yesterday a pen fell through my pants onto my shoe. lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife.
 lucky for you it wasn't a sharp knife. who carries a sharp knife in their pocket?
 who carries a sharp knife in their pocket? criminals, of course.
 criminals, of course. anyway, i have to fix the hole.
 anyway, i have to fix the hole. you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch.
 you can sew it up or use an iron-on patch. tell me about this patch.
 tell me about this patch. the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on.
 the patch has glue. the hot iron melts the glue so the patch sticks on. that sounds a lot easier than sewing.
 that sounds a lot easier than sewing. it is. but after about ten washings, the glue washes off.
 do you know any good jokes? i can't remember jokes.
 i can't remember jokes. neither can i.
 neither can i. they go in one ear and out the other.
 they go in one ear and out the other. who makes up all these jokes?
 who makes up all these jokes? who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day.
 who knows? but there must be a hundred new ones every day. yes, just in english alone.
 yes, just in english alone. i wonder if every language has jokes.
 i wonder if every language has jokes. of course! people everywhere like good jokes.
 of course! people everywhere like good jokes. what do you think people joke about the most?
 what do you think people joke about the most? i think most jokes are about women.
 i think most jokes are about women. oh, really? i think most jokes are about men!
 you're very lucky. why do you say that?
 why do you say that? you speak two languages.
 you speak two languages. well, my english isn't perfect.
 well, my english isn't perfect. no one speaks perfect english.
 no one speaks perfect english. maybe i will be the first!
 maybe i will be the first! i've been thinking about learning spanish.
 i've been thinking about learning spanish. spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you.
 spanish is easy. i'll be happy to teach you. how long will it take me to learn?
 how long will it take me to learn? i think it will only take you a year or two.
 i think it will only take you a year or two. how soon can we begin?
 how soon can we begin? ahora! that means right now.
 do you know what today is? yes, it's april 22.
 yes, it's april 22. it's more than just a date.
 it's more than just a date. is it your birthday or anniversary?
 is it your birthday or anniversary? no, it's earth day.
 how is you moula thank to god my moula is ali 
how is you moula thank to god my moula is ali
 how is you moula thank to god my moula is ali
 how is you moula thank to god my moula is ali
 no, it's earth day. what's that?
 what's that? it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet.
 it's a yearly reminder to take care of our planet. oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff?
 oh, you mean like reuse things and recycle stuff? yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags.
 yes. we need to think green, save water, and stop using plastic bags. how about if i take shorter showers?
 how about if i take shorter showers? that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water.
 that's a good idea, because showers waste a lot of water. from now on i'll spend only 20 minutes in the shower.
 poetry sucks. i don't know anyone who likes it.
 i don't know anyone who likes it. some of it is okay, i guess.
 some of it is okay, i guess. yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember.
 yes, the poems that rhyme and are easy to remember. like "one, two, buckle my shoe."
 like "one, two, buckle my shoe." but people still write poems.
 but people still write poems. no one makes any money at it.
 no one makes any money at it. shakespeare was a poet.
 shakespeare was a poet. did he get rich from his poetry?
 did he get rich from his poetry? probably not.
 probably not. poems are a little bit like songs.
 poems are a little bit like songs. yes, but songs have music. without music, songs would suck, too.
 how smart are you? i don't know. i think i'm average.
 i don't know. i think i'm average. did you ever take an iq test?
 did you ever take an iq test? no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school.
 no, i never did. all i know is that i got a's and b's in school. i wish i was really smart.
 i wish i was really smart. don't be ridiculous.
 don't be ridiculous. what do you mean?
 what do you mean? if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous.
 if you're going to make a wish, wish that you were really rich or famous. don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart?
 don't you ever wonder what it's like to be super-smart? it must be very lonely.
 it must be very lonely. why's that?
 why's that? because if you're super-smart, no one understands what you're saying.
 i missed the tv news last night. what was on? nothing that would pass as news.
 nothing that would pass as news. what's the weather going to be like this weekend?
 what's the weather going to be like this weekend? i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels.
 i don't know. whenever the weather comes on, i switch channels. what was the lead story on the news?
 what was the lead story on the news? some actress was in court for driving without a license.
 Artificial intelligence (AI) is intelligenceperceiving, synthesizing, and inferring informationdemonstrated by machines, as opposed to intelligence displayed by non-human animals and humans. Example tasks in which this is done include speech recognition, computer vision, translation between (natural) languages, as well as other mappings of inputs.
AI applications include advanced web search engines (e.g., Google Search), recommendation systems (used by YouTube, Amazon and Netflix), understanding human speech (such as Siri and Alexa), self-driving cars (e.g., Waymo), automated decision-making and competing at the highest level in strategic game systems (such as chess and Go).
As machines become increasingly capable, tasks considered to require "intelligence" are often removed from the definition of AI, a phenomenon known as the AI effect. For instance, optical character recognition is frequently excluded from things considered to be AI, having become a routine technology.Artificial intelligence was founded as an academic discipline in 1956, and in the years since has experienced several waves of optimism, followed by disappointment and the loss of funding (known as an "AI winter"), followed by new approaches, success and renewed funding. AI research has tried and discarded many different approaches since its founding, including simulating the brain, modeling human problem solving, formal logic, large databases of knowledge and imitating animal behavior. In the first decades of the 21st century, highly mathematical-statistical machine learning has dominated the field, and this technique has proved highly successful, helping to solve many challenging problems throughout industry and academia.The various sub-fields of AI research are centered around particular goals and the use of particular tools. The traditional goals of AI research include reasoning, knowledge representation, planning, learning, natural language processing, perception, and the ability to move and manipulate objects. General intelligence (the ability to solve an arbitrary problem) is among the field's long-term goals. To solve these problems, AI researchers have adapted and integrated a wide range of problem-solving techniques  including search and mathematical optimization, formal logic, artificial neural networks, and methods based on statistics, probability and economics. AI also draws upon computer science, psychology, linguistics, philosophy, and many other fields.
The field was founded on the assumption that human intelligence "can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it".
This raised philosophical arguments about the mind and the ethical consequences of creating artificial beings endowed with human-like intelligence; these issues have previously been explored by myth, fiction and philosophy since antiquity. Computer scientists and philosophers have since suggested that AI may become an existential risk to humanity if its rational capacities are not steered towards beneficial goals. Dublin (; Irish: Baile tha Cliath, pronounced [bal ah cli] or [bla cli]) is the capital and largest city of Ireland. On a bay at the mouth of the River Liffey, it is in the province of Leinster, bordered on the south by the Dublin Mountains, a part of the Wicklow Mountains range. At the 2016 census it had a population of 1,173,179, while the preliminary results of the 2022 census recorded that County Dublin as a whole had a population of 1,450,701, and that the population of the Greater Dublin Area was over 2 million, or roughly 40% of the Republic of Ireland's total population.A settlement was established in the area by the Gaels during or before the 7th century, followed by the Vikings. As the Kingdom of Dublin grew, it became Ireland's principal settlement by the 12th century Anglo-Norman invasion of Ireland. The city expanded rapidly from the 17th century and was briefly the second largest in the British Empire and sixth largest in Western Europe after the Acts of Union in 1800. Following independence in 1922, Dublin became the capital of the Irish Free State, renamed Ireland in 1937.
Dublin is a centre for education, arts and culture, administration and industry. As of 2018, the city was listed by the Globalization and World Cities Research Network (GaWC) as a global city, with a ranking of "Alpha minus", which places it as one of the top thirty cities in the world. The United Arab Emirates (UAE; Arabic:    al-Imrt al-Arabyah al-Muttaidah), or simply the Emirates (Arabic:  al-Imrt), is a country in Western Asia (The Middle East). It is located at the eastern end of the Arabian Peninsula and shares borders with Oman and Saudi Arabia, while having maritime borders in the Persian Gulf with Qatar and Iran. Abu Dhabi is the nation's capital, while Dubai, the most populous city, is an international hub.
The United Arab Emirates is an elective monarchy formed from a federation of seven emirates, consisting of Abu Dhabi (the capital), Ajman, Dubai, Fujairah, Ras Al Khaimah, Sharjah and Umm Al Quwain. Each emirate is governed by an emir and together the emirs form the Federal Supreme Council. The members of the Federal Supreme Council elect a president and vice president from among their members. In practice, the emir of Abu Dhabi serves as president while the ruler of Dubai is vice president and also prime minister. In 2013, the country had a population of 9.2 million, of which 1.4 million were Emirati citizens and 7.8 million were expatriates. As of 2020, the United Arab Emirates has an estimated population of roughly 9.9 million.The area which is today the United Arab Emirates has been inhabited for over 125,000 years. It has been the crossroads of trading for many civilizations, including Mesopotamia, Persia, and India.Islam is the official religion and Arabic  the official language. The United Arab Emirates' oil and natural gas reserves are the world's sixth and seventh-largest, respectively. Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, ruler of Abu Dhabi and the country's first president, oversaw the development of the Emirates by investing oil revenues into healthcare, education, and infrastructure. The United Arab Emirates has the most diversified economy among the members of the Gulf Cooperation Council. In the 21st century, the country has become less reliant on oil and gas and is economically focusing on tourism and business. The government does not levy income tax, although there is a corporate tax in place and a 5% value-added tax was established in 2018.Human rights groups, such as Amnesty International, Freedom House and Human Rights Watch, regard UAE as generally substandard on human rights, with citizens criticising the regime imprisoned and tortured, families harassed by the state security apparatus, and cases of forced disappearances. Individual rights such as the freedoms of assembly, association, the press, expression, and religion are also severely repressed.The UAE is considered a middle power. It is a member of the United Nations, Arab League, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, OPEC, Non-Aligned Movement, and Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC). Dubai, the largest city in the United Arab Emirates, is home to many extremely tall modern high-rises, 108 of which stand taller than 180 metres (591 ft). The tallest building in Dubai is the Burj Khalifa, which rises 828 metres (2,717 ft) and contains 163 floors. The tower has stood as both the tallest building in the world and the tallest man-made structure of any kind in the world since its completion in January 2010. The second-tallest building in Dubai is the 425-metre (1,394 ft) Marina 101, which also stands as the world's fourth tallest residential skyscraper. The skyscrapers of Dubai are, for the most part, clustered in three different locations. The land along E 11 Road was the first to develop, followed by the Dubai Marina neighborhood and the Business Bay district.
Overall, Dubai has 18 completed and topped-out buildings that rise at least 300 metres (984 ft) in height, which is more than any other city in the world. Dubai has 73 completed and topped-out buildings that rise at least 200 metres (656 ft) in height. Based on the average height of the ten tallest completed buildings, Dubai has the tallest skyline in the Middle East and the world. As of 2012, the skyline of Dubai is ranked eighth in the world with 248 buildings rising at least 100 metres (330 ft) in height.The history of skyscrapers in Dubai began with the construction of Dubai World Trade Centre in 1979, which is usually regarded as the first high-rise in the city. At the time of its completion, it also stood as the tallest building in the Middle East. Since 1999, and especially from 2005 onwards, Dubai has been the site of an extremely large skyscraper building boom, with all 73 of its buildings over 200 metres (656 ft) tall completed after 1999. In less than ten years, the city has amassed one of the largest skylines in the world; it is now home to the world's tallest building, the world's tallest residence, and the world's second tallest hotel. As of 2019, 49 new skyscrapers are under construction in Dubai; additionally, there are over 127 active high-rise developments that have been proposed for construction in the city. Abu Dhabi (UK: , US: ; Arabic:   Ab ab Arabic pronunciation: [bubi]) is the capital and second-most populous city (after Dubai) of the United Arab Emirates. It is also the capital of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi and the centre of the Abu Dhabi Metropolitan Area.
The city of Abu Dhabi is located on an island in the Persian Gulf, off the Central West Coast. Most of the city and the Emirate reside on the mainland connected to the rest of the country. As of 2021, Abu Dhabi's urban area had an estimated population of 1.5 million, out of 2.9 million in the emirate of Abu Dhabi, as of 2016. The Abu Dhabi Investment Authority is headquartered in the city, and was the world's 5th largest sovereign wealth fund in 2021. Abu Dhabi itself has over a trillion US dollars worth of assets under management in a combination of various sovereign wealth funds headquartered there.Abu Dhabi houses local and federal government offices and is the home of the United Arab Emirates Government and the Supreme Petroleum Council. The city is home to the President of the UAE, who is a member of the Al Nahyan family. Abu Dhabi's rapid development and urbanization, coupled with the massive oil and gas reserves and production and relatively high average income, have transformed it into a large, developed metropolis. It is the country's center of politics and industry, and a major culture and commerce center. Abu Dhabi accounts for about two-thirds of the roughly $503 billion UAE economy. Saudi Arabia, officially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), is a country in Southwestern Asia. It covers the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula, and has a land area of about 2,150,000 km2 (830,000 sq mi), making it the fifth-largest country in Asia, the second-largest in the Arab world, and the largest in Western Asia and the Middle East. It is bordered by the Red Sea to the west; Jordan, Iraq, and Kuwait to the north; the Persian Gulf, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates to the east; Oman to the southeast; and Yemen to the south. Bahrain is an island country off the east coast. The Gulf of Aqaba in the northwest separates Saudi Arabia from Egypt. Saudi Arabia is the only country with a coastline along both the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf, and most of its terrain consists of arid desert, lowland, steppe, and mountains. Its capital and largest city is Riyadh. The country is home to Mecca and Medina, the two holiest cities in Islam.
Pre-Islamic Arabia, the territory that constitutes modern-day Saudi Arabia, was the site of several ancient cultures and civilizations; the prehistory of Saudi Arabia shows some of the earliest traces of human activity in the world. The world's second-largest religion, Islam, emerged in what is now Saudi Arabia. In the early 7th century, the Islamic prophet Muhammad united the population of Arabian Peninsula and created a single Islamic religious polity. Following his death in 632, his followers rapidly expanded the territory under Muslim rule beyond Arabia, conquering huge and unprecedented swathes of territory (from the Iberian Peninsula in the west to parts of Central and South Asia in the east) in a matter of decades. Arab dynasties originating from modern-day Saudi Arabia founded the Rashidun (632661), Umayyad (661750), Abbasid (7501517), and Fatimid (9091171) caliphates, as well as numerous other dynasties in Asia, Africa, and Europe.
The area of modern-day Saudi Arabia formerly consisted of mainly four distinct historical regions: Hejaz, Najd, and parts of Eastern Arabia (Al-Ahsa) and South Arabia ('Asir). The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was founded in 1932 by King Abdulaziz (known as Ibn Saud in the West). He united the four regions into a single state through a series of conquests beginning in 1902 with the capture of Riyadh, the ancestral home of his family, the House of Saud. Saudi Arabia has since been an absolute monarchy, where political decisions are made on the basis of consultation among the King, the Council of Ministers, and the countrys traditional elites that oversee a highly authoritarian regime. The ultraconservative Wahhabi religious movement within Sunni Islam has been described as a "predominant feature of Saudi culture", although the power of the religious establishment has been significantly eroded in the 2010s. In its Basic Law, Saudi Arabia continues to define itself as a sovereign Arab Islamic state with Islam as its official religion, Arabic as its official language, and Riyadh as its capital.
Petroleum was discovered in 1938 and followed up by several other finds in the Eastern Province. Saudi Arabia has since become the world's second-largest oil producer (behind the US) and the world's largest oil exporter, controlling the world's second-largest oil reserves and the fourth-largest gas reserves. The kingdom is categorized as a World Bank high-income economy and is the only Arab country to be part of the G20 major economies. The state has attracted criticism for a variety of reasons, including its role in the Yemeni Civil War, alleged sponsorship of Islamic terrorism and its poor human rights record, including the excessive and often extrajudicial use of capital punishment.Saudi Arabia is considered both a regional and middle power. The Saudi economy is the largest in the Middle East; the world's eighteenth-largest economy by nominal GDP and the seventeenth-largest by PPP. As a country with a very high Human Development Index, it offers a tuition-free university education, no personal income tax, and a free universal health care system. Saudi Arabia is home to the world's third-largest immigrant population. It also has one of the world's youngest populations, with approximately 50 per cent of its population of 34.2 million being under 25 years old. In addition to being a member of the Gulf Cooperation Council, Saudi Arabia is an active and founding member of the United Nations, Organisation of Islamic Cooperation, Arab League, Arab Air Carriers Organization and OPEC. The Burj Khalifa (; Arabic:  , Arabic pronunciation: [brd xalifa], Khalifa Tower), known as the Burj Dubai prior to its inauguration in 2010, is a skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It is known for being the world's tallest building. With a total height of 829.8 m (2,722 ft, or just over half a mile) and a roof height (excluding antenna, but including a 242.6 m spire) of 828 m (2,717 ft), the Burj Khalifa has been the tallest structure and building in the world since its topping out in 2009, supplanting Taipei 101, the previous holder of that status.Construction of the Burj Khalifa began in 2004, with the exterior completed five years later in 2009. The primary structure is reinforced concrete and some of the structural steel for the building originated from the Palace of the Republic in East Berlin, the former East German parliament. The building was opened in 2010 as part of a new development called Downtown Dubai. It was designed to be the centerpiece of large-scale, mixed-use development. The decision to construct the building was based on the government's decision to diversify from an oil-based economy, and for Dubai to gain international recognition. The building is named in honor of the former president of the United Arab Emirates, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan. Abu Dhabi and the UAE government lent Dubai money to pay its debts. The building broke numerous height records, including its designation as the tallest building in the world.
Burj Khalifa was designed by a team led by Adrian Smith of Skidmore, Owings & Merrill, the firm that designed the Sears Tower in Chicago, a previous record holder for the world's tallest building. Hyder Consulting was chosen to be the supervising engineer with NORR Group Consultants International Limited chosen to supervise the architecture of the project. The design is derived from the Islamic architecture of the region, such as in the Great Mosque of Samarra. The Y-shaped tripartite floor geometry is designed to optimize residential and hotel space. A buttressed central core and wings are used to support the height of the building. Although this design was derived from Tower Palace III, the Burj Khalifa's central core houses all vertical transportation except egress stairs within each of the wings. The structure also features a cladding system which is designed to withstand Dubai's hot summer temperatures. It contains a total of 57 elevators and 8 escalators.
At a certain point in the architectural and engineering process, the original Emaar developers experienced financial problems and required more money and economic funding. Sheikh Khalifa, the then-ruler of the United Arab Emirates, granted monetary aid and funding, hence the changing of the name from "Burj Dubai" to "Burj Khalifa". The concept of profitability derived from building high-density developments and malls around the landmark has proven successful. Its surrounding malls, hotels, and condominiums in Downtown Dubai have generated the most revenue from the project as a whole, while the Burj Khalifa itself made little or no profit.The critical reception of Burj Khalifa has been generally positive, and the building has received many awards. However, there were numerous complaints concerning migrant workers from South Asia who were the primary building labour force. These centered on low wages and the practice of confiscating passports until duties were complete. Dubai, the largest city in the United Arab Emirates, is home to many extremely tall modern high-rises, 108 of which stand taller than 180 metres (591 ft). The tallest building in Dubai is the Burj Khalifa, which rises 828 metres (2,717 ft) and contains 163 floors. The tower has stood as both the tallest building in the world and the tallest man-made structure of any kind in the world since its completion in January 2010. The second-tallest building in Dubai is the 425-metre (1,394 ft) Marina 101, which also stands as the world's fourth tallest residential skyscraper. The skyscrapers of Dubai are, for the most part, clustered in three different locations. The land along E 11 Road was the first to develop, followed by the Dubai Marina neighborhood and the Business Bay district.
Overall, Dubai has 18 completed and topped-out buildings that rise at least 300 metres (984 ft) in height, which is more than any other city in the world. Dubai has 73 completed and topped-out buildings that rise at least 200 metres (656 ft) in height. Based on the average height of the ten tallest completed buildings, Dubai has the tallest skyline in the Middle East and the world. As of 2012, the skyline of Dubai is ranked eighth in the world with 248 buildings rising at least 100 metres (330 ft) in height.The history of skyscrapers in Dubai began with the construction of Dubai World Trade Centre in 1979, which is usually regarded as the first high-rise in the city. At the time of its completion, it also stood as the tallest building in the Middle East. Since 1999, and especially from 2005 onwards, Dubai has been the site of an extremely large skyscraper building boom, with all 73 of its buildings over 200 metres (656 ft) tall completed after 1999. In less than ten years, the city has amassed one of the largest skylines in the world; it is now home to the world's tallest building, the world's tallest residence, and the world's second tallest hotel. As of 2019, 49 new skyscrapers are under construction in Dubai; additionally, there are over 127 active high-rise developments that have been proposed for construction in the city. Dubai International Airport (IATA: DXB, ICAO: OMDB) (Arabic:   ) is the primary international airport serving Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and is the world's busiest airport by international passenger traffic. It is also the nineteenth-busiest airport in the world by passenger traffic, one of the busiest cargo airports in the world, the busiest airport for Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 movements, and the airport with the highest average number of passengers per flight. In 2017, the airport handled 88 million passengers and 2.65 million tonnes of cargo and registered 409,493 aircraft movements.Dubai International Airport is situated in the Al Garhoud district, 2.5 nautical miles (4.6 km; 2.9 mi) east of Dubai and spread over an area of 7,200 acres (2,900 ha) of land. Terminal 3 is the second-largest building in the world by floor space and the largest airport terminal in the world. In July 2019, Dubai International airport installed the largest solar energy system in the region's airports as part of Dubai's goal to reduce 30 percent of the city energy consumption by 2030.Emirates Airline has its hub airport in Dubai International (DXB) and has their own terminal 3 with 3 concourses that they share with Flydubai. The Emirates hub is the largest airline hub in the Middle East; Emirates handles 51% of all passenger traffic and accounts for approximately 42% of all aircraft movements at the airport. Dubai Airport is also the base for low-cost carrier flydubai which handles 13% of passenger traffic and 25% of aircraft movements at DXB. The airport has a total capacity of 90 million passengers annually. As of January 2016, there are over 7,700 weekly flights operated by 140 airlines to over 270 destinations across all inhabited continents. Over 63% of travelers using the airport in 2018 were connecting passengers.In 2014 Dubai International indirectly supported over 400,000 jobs and contributed over US$26.7 billion to the economy, which represented around 27% of Dubai's GDP and 21% of the employment in Dubai. Best Western International, Inc. owns the Best Western Hotels & Resorts brand, which it licenses to over 4,700 hotels worldwide. The franchise, with its corporate headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona, includes more than 2,000 hotels in North America. The brand was founded by M. K. Guertin in 1946. As of December 2021, Larry Cuculic is the president and CEO of Best Western.
In 1964, Canadian hotel owners joined the system. Best Western then expanded to Mexico, Australia, and New Zealand in 1976.
In 2002, Best Western International launched Best Western Premier in Europe and Asia. (The other hotels in the chain were known as Best Western.) In 2011, the chain's branding system-wide changed to a three-tiered system: Best Western, Best Western Plus, and Best Western Premier. This is a list of hotels in Dubai. Dubai leads in the world's highest hotel occupancy rates. In 2006, the Dubai hotel occupancy rate was 86%, the highest ever in Dubai. As of 2019, there were 544 completed and operating hotels and 100,744 hotel rooms in Dubai.In 1993, the city had 167 hotels with 9,383 rooms, while the number shot up to 272 hotels and doubled the number of rooms to 23,170 in 2002. In 2005, it increased to 28,999 rooms. In 2008, the hotel rooms jumped to 43,419, with 6,105,813 hotel guests and a 70 percent occupancy rate. In 2009, the number of hotel rooms increased to 58,188. In 2010, it jumped to 67,369 rooms, an increase of 9,181 in one year due to the massive rise in visitor arrivals. Dubai hosted a record 10 million visitors in 2012, an increase of 9.3% from the previous year.
In  2013 more than 32,686 hotel rooms were planned, including 17,162 hotel rooms which were under construction. 30 new hotels opened in 2010. In January 2010, the occupancy rate was at 81 percent, the second highest ever for Dubai; however, throughout the year, the occupancy rate settled at 71 percent, an increase of one percent from 2009. The city's hotels experienced a decline of 4.2 percent in revenue per available room (RevPAR), which reached $154 million in 2010.
 What discovery in the early 1960s was the impetus for unification of the Emirates? 
Prior to the discovery of oil, one of the primary exports of the region had been pearls, an industry that had sustained the sheikhs for millennia. The advent of World War I and the development by the Japanese of cultured pearls all but destroyed the industry.
Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan (1918-2004) became the ruler of Abu Dhabi in 1966 and was the driving force behind the unification of the emirates. With oil interests being lost to U.S. companies, the answer to that problem lay in unifying their interests and protecting their own resources from foreign control. The new constitution was put in place in 1971, forming the UAE from the former 'Trucial States. 